% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={Rodent trapping studies can improve our understanding of the risk of endemic zoonoses spillover and novel zoonotic pathogen emergence.},
  pdfauthor={David Simons; Lauren A. Attfield; Kate E. Jones; Deborah Watson-Jones; Richard Kock},
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering
\newlength{\cslhangindent}
\setlength{\cslhangindent}{1.5em}
\newlength{\csllabelwidth}
\setlength{\csllabelwidth}{3em}
\newlength{\cslentryspacingunit} % times entry-spacing
\setlength{\cslentryspacingunit}{\parskip}
\newenvironment{CSLReferences}[2] % #1 hanging-ident, #2 entry spacing
 {% don't indent paragraphs
  \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
  % turn on hanging indent if param 1 is 1
  \ifodd #1
  \let\oldpar\par
  \def\par{\hangindent=\cslhangindent\oldpar}
  \fi
  % set entry spacing
  \setlength{\parskip}{#2\cslentryspacingunit}
 }%
 {}
\usepackage{calc}
\newcommand{\CSLBlock}[1]{#1\hfill\break}
\newcommand{\CSLLeftMargin}[1]{\parbox[t]{\csllabelwidth}{#1}}
\newcommand{\CSLRightInline}[1]{\parbox[t]{\linewidth - \csllabelwidth}{#1}\break}
\newcommand{\CSLIndent}[1]{\hspace{\cslhangindent}#1}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi

\title{Rodent trapping studies can improve our understanding of the risk
of endemic zoonoses spillover and novel zoonotic pathogen emergence.}
\author{David Simons \and Lauren A. Attfield \and Kate E.
Jones \and Deborah Watson-Jones \and Richard Kock}
\date{2022-06-09}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\hypertarget{abstract}{%
\section{Abstract}\label{abstract}}

Rodents are important globally distributed reservoirs of known and novel
zoonotic pathogens. Ongoing anthropogenic land use change is altering
the composition of host species assemblages and modifying the risk of
endemic zoonoses spillover events. These changes mean that an
understanding of the current distribution of rodent species is vital for
accurately describing disease hazard and managing risk. However,
available species distribution and host-pathogen association datasets
such as International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)
distribution maps, Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF)
species occurrence data, or the CLOVER host-pathogen dataset are biased
by the inclusion of limited data sources and spatial biases in sampled
locations. Here, we synthesise data from West Africa from 127 rodent
trapping studies, conducted between 1964-2021, including over 72,000
individual rodent detections to more comprehensively characterise the
range and presence of important zoonotic pathogen host species in this
region. We identify that rodent trapping studies, although biased
towards human dominated landscapes across West Africa, can usefully
complement current rodent species distribution datasets and calculate
the discrepancies between sampling in GBIF and included studies. For
five regionally important zoonotic pathogens (Arenaviridae spp.,
Borrelia spp., \emph{Lassa mammarenavirus}, Leptospira spp. and
\emph{Toxoplasma gondii}) we identify host-pathogen associations that
are not reported in the consolidated CLOVER dataset. These host-pathogen
asssociation omissions may bias studies investigating the current risk
of endemic zoonoses and the effect of land use and climate change on
future novel pathogen emergence. Finally, we find that for these five
pathogen groups, the proportion of a rodent hosts range that has been
sampled remains small. A priority of future rodent trapping studies
should be to sample rodent hosts across a greater geographic range to
better characterise current and future risk. In the interim, future
studies must incorporate a measure of the current sampling biases. The
current synthesis of contextually rich rodent trapping data enriches
available information from IUCN, GBIF and CLOVER which can support a
more complete understanding of the hazard of zoonotic spillover events.

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

There is increasing awareness of the global health and economic impacts
of novel zoonotic pathogen spillover, evidenced by the ongoing
SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and previous HIV/AIDs and Spanish Influenza
pandemics (Bernstein \emph{et al.}, no date). The number of zoonotic
disease spillover events and the frequency of the emergence of novel
zoonotic pathogens are predicted to increase under intensifying
anthropogenic pressure driven by increased human populations,
urbanisation, intensification of agriculture, climate change and
wildlife defaunation (Allen \emph{et al.}, 2017; Hassell \emph{et al.},
2017; McMahon, Morand and Gray, 2018; García-Peña \emph{et al.}, 2021).
The impact of endemic zoonoses meanwhile remains underestimated
(Maudlin, Eisler and Welburn, 2009). Endemic zoonoses disproportionally
affect those in the poorest sections of society, those living in close
contact with their animals and those with limited access to healthcare
(Molyneux \emph{et al.}, 2011; Halliday \emph{et al.}, 2015; Judson and
Rabinowitz, 2021). West Africa is a nexus for these processes and is
identified as a hotspot for increased risk of large epidemics of known
zoonotic diseases and novel zoonotic pathogen emergence (Grace \emph{et
al.}, 2012; Han, Kramer and Drake, 2016; Allen \emph{et al.}, 2017). Two
taxonomic groups - rodents (Rodentia) and bats (Chiroptera) - contribute
the greatest number of predicted novel zoonotic pathogens and known
zoonoses (Han \emph{et al.}, 2015; Gibb \emph{et al.}, 2021). Of 2,220
extant rodent species, 244 (10.7\%) are described as reservoirs of 85
zoonotic pathogens (Han \emph{et al.}, 2015). Specifically, West Africa
has been identified as a region at increased hazard for rodent-borne
zoonotic disease spillover events under different projected future
land-use change scenarios (García-Peña \emph{et al.}, 2021). Currently
within West Africa, rodents are involved in the transmission of multiple
endemic zoonoses with large burdens on human health, these pathogens
include, Lassa fever, Schistosomiasis, Leptospirosis and Toxoplasmosis
(Meerburg, Singleton and Kijlstra, 2009; Galeh \emph{et al.}, 2020).

Rodent species form diverse assemblages, which provide important and
beneficial ecosystem services including pest regulation and seed
dispersal (Fischer \emph{et al.}, 2018). The role of rodent species in
zoonotic disease spillover or novel zoonotic pathogens emergence are
examples of ecosystem disservices. Rodents typically demonstrate
``fast'' life histories (Dobson and Oli, 2007) with traits such as early
maturation and short gestation times (\textless4 days) further
associated with being zoonotic reservoirs (Han \emph{et al.}, 2015;
Albery and Becker, 2021). Rodent species with ``fast'' life histories
thrive in human dominated landscapes, displacing species less likely to
be reservoirs of zoonotic pathogens (Gibb, Redding, \emph{et al.},
2020). The widespread occurrence of reservoir species and their
proximity to human activity make the description of rodent species
assemblages and host-pathogen associations vitally important to
understanding the hazard of zoonotic disease spillover and novel
zoonotic pathogen emergence (Han, Kramer and Drake, 2016).

Despite the importance of understanding these complex systems, current
evidence on host-pathogen associations is considerably affected by
taxonomic and geographical sampling biases (Gibb, Franklinos, \emph{et
al.}, 2020; Gibb \emph{et al.}, 2021). Curated biodiversity datasets
such as the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) and
resources produced by the International Union for Conservation of Nature
suffer from well described sampling biases (Boakes \emph{et al.}, 2010;
Bowler \emph{et al.}, no date). These sampling biases can gravely
distort produced species distribution models (Beck \emph{et al.}, 2014).
Datasets on host-pathogen associations also suffer from biases
introduced from literature selection criteria and taxanomic
discrepancies a recently produced consolidated dataset (CLOVER) has been
produced to reduce this (Gibb, Carlson and Farrell, 2021). Studies
identifying potential geographic hotspots of zoonotic disease spillover
and novel pathogen emergence are typically based on these datasources
for modelling host species distributions and host-pathogen associations
which can result in biased hazard estimates (Plowright \emph{et al.},
2019; Carlson \emph{et al.}, 2021). For example, systematically
increased sampling, over-representation of certain habitats and
clustering around areas of high human population could lead to an
apparent association between locations and hazard that is driven by
these factors rather than underlying host-pathogen associations (Redding
\emph{et al.}, 2017; Wille, Geoghegan and Holmes, 2021; Gibb \emph{et
al.}, 2021). While other regions remain systematically undersampled
(e.g., areas of sparse human populations, endemic zoonoses), potentially
resulting in a reduced hazard of zoonotic spillover events or novel
zoonotic pathogen emergence being attributed (Beck \emph{et al.}, 2014).
Predictions of zoonotic disease spillover and novel zoonotic pathogen
emergence must account for these biases to understand the future hazard
of zoonotic diseases (Carlson \emph{et al.}, 2021).

Rodent trapping studies provide contextually rich information on when,
where and under what conditions rodents were trapped, potentially
enriching consolidated datasets and providing additional data to
minimise inherent biases (Bovendorp, MCCleery and Galetti, 2017). Rodent
trapping studies describe rodent population assemblages, their
geographic distribution and host-pathogen associations beyond what is
currently available in consolidated datasets. Studies have been
conducted in West Africa to investigate the distribution of rodent
species, their species assemblages, the prevalence of endemic zoonoses
within rodent hosts (e.g., Lassa fever, Schistosomiasis) and to identify
emerging and novel zoonotic pathogens (Fichet-Calvet \emph{et al.},
2009; Catalano \emph{et al.}, 2020; USAID, 2021). However, individual
level data from these studies have not previously been synthesised for
inclusion in assessments of zoonotic disease spillover and novel
zoonotic pathogen emergence.

Here, we synthesise rodent trapping studies conducted across West Africa
from a search of literature between 1964-2022. First, we use this
dataset to investigate the geographic sampling biases in relation to
human population density and land use classification. Second, we compare
this to curated host datasets (IUCN and GBIF) to understand differences
in reported host geographic distributions. Third, we compare identified
host-pathogen associations with a consolidated dataset (CLOVER) to
explore discrepancies in rodent host-pathogen associations and report
the proportion of positive assays for pathogens of interest. Finally,
within our dataset we investigate the spatial extent of current
host-pathogen sampling to identify areas of sparse sampling of pathogens
within their host ranges. We expect that rodent trapping studies provide
an important additional source of high-resolution data that can be used
to enrich available consolidated datasets to better understand the
hazard of zoonotic disease spillover and novel zoonotic pathogen
emergence across West Africa.

\hypertarget{methods}{%
\section{Methods}\label{methods}}

\hypertarget{data-sources}{%
\subsection{Data sources}\label{data-sources}}

\hypertarget{host-and-pathogen-trapping-data}{%
\subsubsection{Host and pathogen trapping
data}\label{host-and-pathogen-trapping-data}}

To identify relevant literature, we conducted a search in Ovid MEDLINE,
Web of Science (Core collection and Zoological Record), JSTOR, BioOne,
African Journals Online, Global Health and the pre-print servers,
BioRxiv and EcoEvoRxiv for the following terms as exploded keywords: (1)
Rodent OR Rodent trap* AND (2) West Africa, no date limits were set. We
also searched other resources including the UN Official Documents
System, Open Grey, AGRIS FAO and Google Scholar using combinations of
the above terms. Searches were run on 2022-05-01, and returned studies
conducted between 1964-2021.

For further analysis, we included studies if they met all of the
following inclusion criteria; i) reported findings from trapping studies
where the target was a small mammal, ii) described the type of trap used
or the length of trapping activity or the location of the trapping
activity, iii) included trapping activity from at least one West African
country, iv) recorded the genus or species of trapped individuals, and
v) were published in a peer-reviewed journal or as a pre-print on a
digital platform or as a report by a credible organisation. We excluded
studies if they met any of the following exclusion criteria: i) reported
data that were duplicated from a previously included study, ii) no full
text available, iii) not available in English. One author screened
titles, abstracts and full texts against the inclusion and exclusion
criteria. At each stage; title screening, abstract screening and full
text review, a random subset (10\%) was reviewed by a second author.

We extracted data from eligible studies using a standardised tool that
was piloted on 5 studies (Supplementary Table 1.). Data was abstracted
into a Google Sheets document, which was archived on completion of data
extraction {[}ref to zenodo on finalised{]}. We identified the aims of
included studies, for example, whether it was conducted as a survey of
small mammal species or specifically to assess the risk of zoonotic
disease spillover. To understand potential limitations in the
representativeness of rodent trapping we extracted data on study
methodology, such as, the number of trap nights, the type of traps used
and whether the study attempted to estimate abundance. For studies not
reporting number of trap nights we used imputation based on the number
of trapped individuals, stratified by the habitat type from which they
were obtained. This was performed by multiplying the total number of
trapped individuals within that study site by the median trap success
for study sites with the same reported habitat type. Stratification was
used as trap success varied importantly between traps placed in or
around buildings (13\%, IQR 6-24\%) compared with other habitats (3\%,
IQR 1-9\%)

The method of taxonomic identification applied within a study was
recorded, reported species identification was assumed to be accurate.
The number of individuals of these species or genera was extracted with
species and genus names mapped to GBIF taxonomy (GBIF: The Global
Biodiversity Information Facility, 2021b) for internal consistency. We
expanded species detection and non-detection records by explicitly
specifying non-detection at a trap site if a species was recorded as
detected at other trapping locations within the same study.

Geographic locations of trapping studies was extracted using GPS
locations for the most precise location presented. GPS coordinates for
locations not reported were produced using the National
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency GEOnet Names Server (National
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, no date) based on place-names and maps
presented in the study. All locations were converted to decimal degrees
for internal consistency. The year of rodent trapping was extracted
alongside the length of the trapping activity to understand seasonal
representativeness of trapping activity. The habitats of trapping sites
were mapped to the IUCN Habitat Classification Scheme (Version 3.1). For
studies reporting multiple habitat types for a single trap, trap-line or
trapping grid, a higher order classification of habitat type was
recorded.

For relevant studies we extracted data on all microorganisms and
zoonotic pathogens tested and the method used (e.g., molecular or
serological diagnosis). Where assays were able to identify the
microorganism to species level this was recorded, non-specific assays
higher order attribution was used (e.g.~to family level). We recorded
the species of rodent host tested, the number of individuals tested and
the number of positive and negative results. For studies reporting
summary results all testing data were extracted, this may introduce
double counting of individual rodents, for example, if a single rodent
was tested using both molecular and serological assays. Where studies
reported indeterminate results, these were also recorded.

We summarised the number of studies, the year in which trapping occurred
and the country in which they were conducted. We identified 4,692
relevant citations, with 127 rodent trapping studies included
(Supplementary Table 2.). The earliest trapping studies were conducted
in 1964, with a trend of increasing numbers of studies being performed
annually since 2000. The median year of first trapping activity was
2007, with the median length of trapping activity being 1 year (IQR 0-2
years) (Supplementary Figure 1.). Studies were conducted in 14 West
African countries, with no studies reported from The Gambia or Togo, at
1,611 trap sites (Figure 1A.).

Included studies explicitly reported on 601,184 trap nights, a further
341,445 trap nights were imputed from studies with no recording of
trapping effort based on trap success. A total of 942,629 trap nights
were estimated (Figure 1B.). A minority of studies trapped at a single
study site (30, 24\%), with 46 (36\%) trapping at between two and five
sites, the remaining 51 studies (40\%) trapped at between six and 93
study sites.

In total 76,275 small mammals were trapped with 65,628 (90\%) identified
to species level and 7,439 (10\%) identified to genus, with the
remaining classified to higher taxonomic level. The majority of the 132
identified species were Rodentia (102, 78\%), of which Muridae (73,
72\%) were the most common family. Soricomorpha were the second most
identified order of small mammals (28, 21\%). 57 studies tested for 32
microorganisms, defined to species or genus level that are known or
potential pathogens. Most studies tested for a single microorganism (48,
84\%). The most frequently assayed microorganisms were \emph{Lassa
mammarenavirus} or Arenaviridae (21, 37\%), \emph{Borrelia sp.} (9,
16\%), \emph{Bartonella sp.} (4, 7\%) and \emph{Toxoplasma gondii} (4,
7\%). Most studies used Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) to detect
microorganisms (37, 65\%), with fewer studies using serology-based tests
(11, 19\%) or histological or direct visualisation assays (11, 21\%).
From 32,920 individual rodent samples we produced 351 host-pathogen
pairs. With \emph{Rattus rattus}, \emph{Mus musculus}, \emph{Mastomys
erythroleucus}, \emph{Mastomys natalensis} and \emph{Arvicanthis
niloticus} being assayed for at least 18 microorganisms. Further
descriptive information from the included studies including geolocated
trapping of species, their detection and non-detection alongside
microorganism data is available as supplementary material (Simons,
2022).

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_1_updated.png}
\caption{Figure 1: A) The location of trapping sites in West Africa. No
sites were recorded from Togo or The Gambia. Heterogeneity is observed
in the coverage of each country by trap night (colour) and location of
sites. For example, Senegal, Mali and Sierra Leone have generally good
coverage compared to Guinea and Burkina Faso. B) Histogram of trap
nights performed at each study site, a median of 248 trap nights (IQR
116-500) was performed at each site}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{analysis}{%
\subsection{Analysis}\label{analysis}}

\hypertarget{what-is-the-extent-of-spatial-bias-in-the-rodent-trapping-data}{%
\subsubsection{What is the extent of spatial bias in the rodent trapping
data?}\label{what-is-the-extent-of-spatial-bias-in-the-rodent-trapping-data}}

To investigate the risk to human health from endemic zoonoses and novel
pathogen emergence using synthesised data from rodent trapping data
understanding of sampling biases is vital. Sampling of rodents has not
been performed randomly across space in West Africa (Figure 1.) and at
varying intensity, we aimed quantify this bias as the relationship
between trapping effort (measured as trap night density (TN density)),
human population density and land use type. We define this as relative
trapping effort bias.

To address this question, we calculated TN density within each West
African level-2 administrative region, administrative boundaries were
obtained from GADM 4.0.4 (Database of Global Administrative Areas, 2022
of Global Administrative Areas). We assigned trap nights to specific
regions using GPS coordinates obtained from trapping studies as
described above. The sf package in the R statistical language was used
to handle shapefiles and geographic data (Pebesma, 2018). Density was
calculated by dividing the number of trap nights by the area of a
level-2 administrative area. For studies not reporting trap nights
imputation was used as previously described. Human population density
was obtained for the closest year (2005) to the median year of trapping
(2007) from Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC) gridded
population of the world v4 at \textasciitilde{} 1km resolution
(Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center, 2021). Median population
density was then calculated for each level-2 administrative region. Land
cover classification was obtained from the Copernicus climate change
service at \textasciitilde300m resolution (European Space Agency Climate
Change Initiative, 2022). The proportion of cropland, shrubland, tree
cover and urban land cover within a level-2 administrative region in
2005 was calculated.

We investigated the role of these covariates on the spatial bias of TN
density by comparing to a spatial model (equation 1), as follows:

\$\$

\begin{equation}
\tag{1}
\text{TN density} \sim \text{Tweedie((Longitude * Latitude))}

\tag{2}
\text{TN density} \sim \text{Tweedie((Population density) + (Longitude * Latitude))}

\tag{3}
\text{TN density} \sim \text{Tweedie((Population density) + (Region area) + (Longitude * Latitude))}

\text{TN density} \sim \text{Tweedie((Proportion cropland) + (Proportion tree cover) + (Proportion urban) + (Longitude * Latitude))}

\tag{5}
\text{TN density} \sim \text{Tweedie((Population density) + (Region area) + (Proportion urban) + (Longitude * Latitude))}
\end{equation}

\$\$

We formulated these models as a Generalised Additive Models (GAM)
incorporating a spatial interaction term (longitude by latitude)
(Pedersen \emph{et al.}, 2019). These models investigated the
association between TN density, proportion of urban, cropland, tree
cover and human population density. The models were constructed in the
\emph{mgcv} package using the R programming language (Wood, 2017; R Core
Team, 2020). Selection of the most parsimonious model was based on
Deviance explained and the Akaike information criterion for each model.
We performed sensitivity analysis by removing sites with imputed
trapping effort and performing a pixel-based analysis.

\hypertarget{what-is-the-difference-in-rodent-host-distributions-between-curated-datasets-and-rodent-trapping-studies}{%
\subsubsection{What is the difference in rodent host distributions
between curated datasets and rodent trapping
studies?}\label{what-is-the-difference-in-rodent-host-distributions-between-curated-datasets-and-rodent-trapping-studies}}

Curated datasets (i.e., IUCN and GBIF) are commonly used in assessments
of biodiversity in response to land use and climate change in addition
to being used to explore zoonotic pathogen host distributions. To
understand any biases introduced from these sources into these analyses
we aimed to assess the concordance of curated rodent host distributions
from IUCN and GBIF with observed rodent presence and absence from rodent
trapping studies. We obtained rodent species distribution maps as
shapefiles from the IUCN red list and translated these to a
\textasciitilde20km resolution raster (IUCN, 2021). Distributions were
cropped to the study region for globally distributed rodent species. We
obtained rodent presence locations from GBIF as point data limited to
the study region (GBIF: The Global Biodiversity Information Facility,
2021a). Presence locations were associated to cells of raster with a
\textasciitilde20km resolution produced for the study region.

We assessed the taxonomic coverage of the trapped taxa and for the seven
species with the most trap locations (\emph{M. natalensis}, \emph{R.
rattus}, \emph{M. erythroleucus}, \emph{M. musculus}, \emph{A.
niloticus}, \emph{Praomys daltoni} and \emph{Cricetomys gambianus}) we
mapped detection and non-detection, associating each location with a
\textasciitilde20km resolution raster. For these seven species we
calculated the area of the IUCN expected range. We calculated the
percentage of this range covered by presence detections in GBIF, this
process was repeated for presence detections from rodent trapping
studies. For both GBIF data and trapping studies we calculated the area
of detections outside of the IUCN expected range. For rodent trapping
studies only, we were able to calculate the area of non-detections
within the IUCN expected area. Finally, we calculated the combined area
of detection when combining GBIF and rodent trapping study data.

\hypertarget{are-rodent-trapping-derived-host-pathogen-associations-present-in-a-consolidated-zoonoses-dataset}{%
\subsubsection{Are rodent trapping derived host-pathogen associations
present in a consolidated zoonoses
dataset?}\label{are-rodent-trapping-derived-host-pathogen-associations-present-in-a-consolidated-zoonoses-dataset}}

Studies investigating the risk of endemic zoonoses and novel pathogen
emergence generally rely on consolidated datasets of host-pathogen
associations. To examine the usefulness of rodent trapping studies as an
additional source of data we compared identified host-pathogen
asociations with a consolidated zoonoses dataset (CLOVER) (Gibb \emph{et
al.}, 2021). CLOVER is a synthesis of four host-pathogen datasets
(GMPD2, EID2, HP3 and Shaw, 2020) and was released in 2021, it contains
more than 25,000 host-pathogen associations for Bacteria, Viruses,
Helminth, Protozoa and Fungi. An archived version of the CLOVER dataset
was obtained and subset for host species trapped within included
studies, spatial filtering of CLOVER for host-pathogen associations
limited to the study region was not possible (Gibb, Carlson and Farrell,
2021).

We produced host-pathogen pairs from rodent trapping studies
investigating zoonoses. For each host and pathogen, with both identified
to species level, we compared our host-pathogen pair network with one
produced using CLOVER, reporting concordance and discordance. We
describe these networks and report differences in network composition.
For host-pathogen pairs with assay results consistent with acute or
prior infection we calculate the proportion positive and identify those
absent from CLOVER. We expand the analysis to host-pathogen pairs with
pathogens identified to genus level in Supplementary Figure 4.

\hypertarget{what-is-the-spatial-extent-of-pathogen-testing-within-a-hosts-range}{%
\subsubsection{What is the spatial extent of pathogen testing within a
hosts
range?}\label{what-is-the-spatial-extent-of-pathogen-testing-within-a-hosts-range}}

Sampling of zoonotic pathogens may also be biased within their hosts
ranges, which may hinder inference across the entire range of the
species. To quantify this, we focused on the five pathogen groups and
species sampled at the most locations (Arenaviridae, Borreliaceae,
Leptospiraceae, \emph{Lassa mammarenavirus} and \emph{Toxoplasma
gondii}). We geolocated individuals of host species tested for these
pathogens and calculated the area sampled. We adopt a similar approach
to above by mapping sampled hosts to \textasciitilde20km pixels and
calculating the proportion of their IUCN range in which sampling has
occurred. We also present the area covered of all areas in which the
host has been detected in this study to produce a measure of relative
completeness of sampling within the included rodent trapping studies.

Data and code implemented in the R statistical language has been made
available alongside this manuscript to reproduce these analyses
{[}ref\_zenodo{]}.

\hypertarget{results}{%
\section{Results}\label{results}}

\hypertarget{what-is-the-extent-of-spatial-bias-in-the-rodent-trapping-data-1}{%
\subsection{What is the extent of spatial bias in the rodent trapping
data?}\label{what-is-the-extent-of-spatial-bias-in-the-rodent-trapping-data-1}}

We found a non-random spatial distribution of rodent trapping locations
across the study region, suggestive of underlying bias in the sampling
or rodents across West Africa. Trap sites were situated in 256 of 1,450
(17.6\%) level-2 administrative regions in 14 West African nations. The
regions with highest TN density included the capitals and large cities
of Niger (Niamey), Nigeria (Ibadan), Ghana (Accra), Senegal (Dakar),
Ghana (Accra) and Benin (Cotonou). Outside of these cities, regions in,
Northern Senegal, Southern Guinea, Edo and Ogun States in Nigeria and
Eastern Sierra Leone had the greatest TN density (Figure 1A.).

Trapping sites were biased towards human modified landscapes (i.e.,
cropland, grassland and mosaic habitats), with under-representation of
forest and bare habitats. However, urban habitats were comparatively
undersampled (Supplementary Figure 2.).

The most parsimonious GAM model (adjusted R2 = 0.3, Deviance explained =
48.7\%) included smooth terms for geographic coordinates, human
population density, proportion of urban landscape, and the area of the
region. All smooth terms demonstrate significant non-linear associations
(\emph{p} \textless{} 0.002) with TN density (Supplementary Table 3.5).
The spatial smooth term adjusted for population density, proportion of
urban landscape and region area is shown in Figure 2. The final model
identified relative trapping effort bias, with a bias towards increased
trapping effort in North West Senegal, North and East Sierra Leone,
Central Guinea and coastal regions of Nigeria, Benin and Ghana; in
contrast South East Nigeria, Northern Nigeria and Burkina Faso had an
observed bias towards a reduced trapping effort (Figure 2). Model
summaries informing model selection are shown in Supplementary Tables
3.1-3.5. In sensitivity analysis, excluding sites with imputed trap
nights reduced contributing data; however, Mauritania, Northern Senegal
and Sierra Leone remained as regions trapped at higher rates, with
Nigeria being trapped at lower than expected rates (Supplementary Figure
3a.). In pixel based sensitivity analysis spatial coverage was reduced
with similar patterns of bias observed (Supplementary Figure 3b.).

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_2_updated.png}
\caption{Figure 2. Relative trapping effort bias across West Africa from
included studies adjusted for human population density, proportion urban
land cover and area of the administrative region. Uncertainty in the
point estimate of relative trapping effort bias is represented by colour
transparency/pallor (e.g., Eastern Liberia and Central Mali). Yellow
regions represent areas with a bias towards increased trapping effort
(e.g., North West Senegal), purple regions represent areas with a bias
towards reduced trapping effort (e.g.,Northern Nigeria).}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{what-is-the-difference-in-rodent-host-distributions-between-curated-datasets-and-rodent-trapping-studies-1}{%
\subsection{What is the difference in rodent host distributions between
curated datasets and rodent trapping
studies?}\label{what-is-the-difference-in-rodent-host-distributions-between-curated-datasets-and-rodent-trapping-studies-1}}

We found that rodent trapping studies could provide a useful supplement
to curated data describing rodent host distributions. For the seven
rodent species of interest (\emph{M. natalensis}, \emph{R. rattus},
\emph{M. erythroleucus}, \emph{M. musculus}, \emph{A. niloticus},
\emph{P. daltoni} and \emph{C. gambianus}), except \emph{C. gambianus},
trapping studies provided more distinct locations of detection and
non-detection than were available from GBIF. For the endemic rodent
species (\emph{M. natalensis}, \emph{M. erythroleucus}, \emph{A.
niloticus}, \emph{P. daltoni} and \emph{C. gambianus}) IUCN ranges had
good concordance to both trapping studies and GBIF, however, individuals
of \emph{A. niloticus} and \emph{P. daltoni} were detected outside of
IUCN ranges. In contrast, the non-native species \emph{R. rattus} and
\emph{M. musculus} were detected across much greater ranges than were
expected from IUCN distributions (Figure 3A. and 3B.).

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_3_test_a.png}
\caption{Figure 3A. Each row corresponds to a single rodent species. L)
Presence recorded in GBIF overlaid on IUCN species range (red-shaded
area). R) Detection and non-detection from rodent trapping studies
overlaid on IUCN species ranges. M. musculus has no IUCN West African
range.}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_3_test_b.png}
\caption{Figure 3B. Each row corresponds to a single rodent species. L)
Presence recorded in GBIF overlaid on IUCN species range (red-shaded
area). R) Detection (purple) and non-detection (orange) from rodent
trapping studies overlaid on IUCN species ranges.}
\end{figure}

To further understand the sampling coverage of curated datasets and
included rodent trapping studies we identified the proportion of a
species IUCN range in which detections and non-detections occurred for
the seven species most detected in the included studies (Table 1.).
Apart from \emph{M. musculus} these species had IUCN ranges greater than
1 million km2, with the Mastomys species having the largest geographic
ranges. Sampling locations of these species within GBIF covered between
0.09-0.26\% of expected ranges with detections occurring outside IUCN
ranges for all species, most noticeably for \emph{A. niloticus} and
\emph{R. rattus}. Sampling locations within rodent trapping studies
covered 0.03-0.24\% of expected ranges with detections occurring outside
IUCN ranges most noticeably for \emph{A. niloticus} and \emph{R.
rattus}. Combining GBIF and rodent trapping data increased the sampled
area by a mean of 65\% (SD 36.5\%) , suggesting limited overlap between
the locations sampled. Non-detection of species occurred across species
ranges (mean = 0.11\%, SD = 0.03\%), suggestive of heterogeneity of
presence across IUCN ranges.

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.94in}|p{1.71in}|p{3.16in}|p{2.55in}|p{3.95in}|p{3.41in}|p{4.25in}|p{3.95in}}

\caption{Table 1: Comparison of IUCN, GBIF and rodent trapping ranges for the 7 species trapped at the most sites.
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{IUCN}}} & \multicolumn{2}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 5.71in+2\tabcolsep+1\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{GBIF}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 11.62in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Trapping\ studies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Combined}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Range\ \linebreak \ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Area\ inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Area\ outside\ range\ \linebreak \ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ area\ \linebreak inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Area\ outside\ range\ \linebreak \ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Non-detection\ area\ \linebreak inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ area\ \linebreak inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{IUCN}}} & \multicolumn{2}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 5.71in+2\tabcolsep+1\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{GBIF}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 11.62in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Trapping\ studies}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Combined}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Range\ \linebreak \ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Area\ inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Area\ outside\ range\ \linebreak \ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ area\ \linebreak inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Area\ outside\ range\ \linebreak \ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Non-detection\ area\ \linebreak inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ area\ \linebreak inside\ range\ (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)\ (\%\ of\ IUCN)}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ natalensis}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3,257.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.83\ (0.21\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.4\ (0.14\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.12\ (0.1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.73\ (0.33\%)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Rattus\ rattus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1,018.71}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.61\ (0.26\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.52}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.42\ (0.24\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.3\ (0.13\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5.72\ (0.48\%)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ erythroleucus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3,735.48}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.48\ (0.12\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.24\ (0.09\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.35\ (0.12\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11\ (0.2\%)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mus\ musculus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.85}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.94}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Arvicanthis\ niloticus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1,829.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.69\ (0.09\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.41}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.98\ (0.11\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.09\ (0.17\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5.96\ (0.2\%)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Praomys\ daltoni}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2,657.77}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.03\ (0.15\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.03\ (0.08\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.78\ (0.1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.21\ (0.22\%)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Cricetomys\ gambianus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.71in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2,475.97}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.16in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5\ (0.2\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.55in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.75\ (0.03\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.41in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 4.25in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.99\ (0.12\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.37\ (0.23\%)}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\hypertarget{are-rodent-trapping-derived-host-pathogen-associations-present-in-a-consolidated-zoonoses-dataset-1}{%
\subsection{Are rodent trapping derived host-pathogen associations
present in a consolidated zoonoses
dataset?}\label{are-rodent-trapping-derived-host-pathogen-associations-present-in-a-consolidated-zoonoses-dataset-1}}

We found potentially important differences between the host-pathogen
networks produced from included rodent trapping studies and the
consolidated CLOVER dataset. When limited to taxonomic classification of
both pathogen and host to species level we identified 25 host-pathogen
pairs among 14 rodent and 6 pathogen species (Figure 4.). We identified
negative associations (non-detection through specific assays) for 45
host-pathogen pairs among 35 rodent and 7 pathogen species. CLOVER
contained 10 (40\%) of our identified host-pathogen associations, the
remaining 15 (60\%) were not found to be present in CLOVER, additionally
CLOVER recorded positive associations for 4 (9\%) of the negative
associations produced from the rodent trapping studies.

\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_4a_updated.png}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_4b_updated.png}
\caption{Figure 4. A) Identified species level host-pathogen
associations through detection of acute infection (i.e.~PCR, culture).
Percentages and colour relate to the proportion of all assays that were
positive. Associations with a black border are present in the CLOVER
dataset. B) Identified species level host-pathogen associations through
serological assays (i.e.~ELISA). Percentages and colour relate to the
proportion of all assays that were positive. Associations with a black
border are present in the CLOVER dataset.}
\end{figure}

CLOVER included an additional 492 host-pathogen associations we do not
observe in rodent trapping studies. The majority of these 392 (80\%)
pairs are from species with global distributions (\emph{M. musculus},
\emph{R. rattus} and \emph{R. norvegicus}), or from those with wide
ranging distributions in sub-Saharan Africa (38, 8\%) (i.e., \emph{A.
niloticus}, \emph{M. natalensis} and \emph{Atelerix albiventris}).

For pathogens not identified to species level (i.e.~family or higher
taxa only), we identified 148 host-pathogen pairs among 32 rodent
species and 25 pathogen families (Supplementary Figure 4.), with CLOVER
containing 66 (45\%) of these associations.

Rodent trapping studies identified additional rodent host species for
six pathogens; \emph{Lassa mammarenavirus} (5), \emph{Toxoplasma gondii}
(4), Usutu virus (2), \emph{Coxiella burnetii} (2), \emph{Escherichia
coli} and \emph{Klebsiella pneumoniae} (both 1), that were not present
in this consolidated host-pathogen association dataset.

\hypertarget{what-is-the-spatial-extent-of-pathogen-testing-within-a-hosts-range-1}{%
\subsection{What is the spatial extent of pathogen testing within a
host's
range?}\label{what-is-the-spatial-extent-of-pathogen-testing-within-a-hosts-range-1}}

The five most widely sampled pathogen species/families in included
studies were Arenaviridae, Borreliaceae, \emph{Lassa mammarenavirus},
Leptospiraceae and \emph{Toxoplasma gondii} (Table 2.). Assays to
identify Arenaviridae infection were performed in 44 rodent species with
evidence of viral infection in 15 species. \emph{Lassa mammarenavirus}
was specifically tested for in 43 species with 10 showing evidence of
viral infection. The most commonly infected species for both
Arenaviridae, generally, and \emph{Lassa mammarenavirus} specifically,
were \emph{M. natalensis} and \emph{M. erythroleucus}. Assays were
conducted on individuals trapped within less than a third of the
locations in which the species were trapped (Table 2.).

Infection with species of Borreliaceae was assessed in 42 species, with
evidence of infection in 17 rodent species. Among species with more than
500 samples the highest rates of infection were among \emph{A.
niloticus} (16\%), \emph{Mastomys huberti} (11\%) and \emph{M.
erythroleucus} (9\%). The coverage of sampling within the trapping
locations was slightly greater than that for Arenaviridae but remains a
small proportion (\textless1\%) of the host species IUCN range.
Infection with species of Leptospiraceae and \emph{Toxoplasma gondii}
was assessed in 8 species, with evidence of infection in 5 and 6 rodent
species respectively. Testing for these pathogens was more limited with
few individuals tested and reduced coverage of host ranges.

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.92in}|p{1.94in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.99in}|p{2.64in}|p{3.44in}|p{3.38in}}

\caption{Table 2: Comparison of pathogen sampling ranges for the 5 most widely sampled pathogens and the 5 most sampled potential rodent host species. * no IUCN range in West African
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Tested}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Positive}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ testing\ area\ \linebreak (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ testing\ area\ \linebreak within\ trapped\ area\ (\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ testing\ area\ \linebreak within\ IUCN\ range\ (\%)}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Tested}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Positive}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ testing\ area\ \linebreak (1,000\ km}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textsuperscript{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2}}}\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ testing\ area\ \linebreak within\ trapped\ area\ (\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ testing\ area\ \linebreak within\ IUCN\ range\ (\%)}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Arenaviridae\ sp.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ natalensis}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2,841}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{104\ (4\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.61}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.45\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Praomys\ daltoni}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{854}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6\ (1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.42}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.43\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ erythroleucus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{398}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{20\ (5\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.97\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.01\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Rattus\ rattus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{396}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4\ (1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.38}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.5\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Praomys\ rostratus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{310}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5\ (2\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.53\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Borrelia\ sp.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ erythroleucus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1,586}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{140\ (9\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{33.94\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Arvicanthis\ niloticus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1,551}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{253\ (16\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.66}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{28.48\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ natalensis}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{733}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{54\ (7\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.69}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{15.08\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ huberti}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{731}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{83\ (11\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.23}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{29.83\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mus\ musculus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{686}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26\ (4\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.45}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{24.54\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{*}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ mammarenavirus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ natalensis}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3,199}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{580\ (18\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.65\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ erythroleucus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{352}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14\ (4\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.63\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.01\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Rattus\ rattus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{177}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2\ (1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.26\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Praomys\ rostratus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{163}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2\ (1\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{27.02\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mus\ musculus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{147}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0\ (0\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.29\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{*}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Leptospira\ sp.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Rattus\ rattus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{646}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{65\ (10\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.1\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Arvicanthis\ niloticus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{221}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10\ (5\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.9\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{<0.01\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Crocidura\ olivieri}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{141}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14\ (10\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.34}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.16\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{*}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ natalensis}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{136}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26\ (19\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.91\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.01\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Rattus\ norvegicus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19\ (24\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{40.08\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{*}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Toxoplasma\ gondii}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mus\ musculus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1,548}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{115\ (7\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.62}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{33.64\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{*}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Rattus\ rattus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{428}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8\ (2\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.36}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.77\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ erythroleucus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{292}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13\ (4\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.37}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.06\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.01\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Mastomys\ natalensis}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{107}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2\ (2\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.83\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{<0.01\%}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 1.94in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textit{Cricetomys\ gambianus}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 0.99in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13\ (28\%)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 2.64in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\cellcolor[HTML]{BEBEBE}\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.44in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.6\%}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\centering}p{\dimexpr 3.38in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{<0.01\%}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\hypertarget{discussion}{%
\section{Discussion}\label{discussion}}

Endemic rodent zoonoses and novel pathogen emergence from rodent hosts
are predicted to have an increasing burden in West Africa and globally
(Han et al.~2015). Here we have synthesised data from 126 rodent
trapping studies containing information on more than 76,000 rodents
across 1,611 trap sites producing an estimated 942,669 trap nights
across 14 West African countries. Locations studied are complementary to
curated datasets (e.g.~IUCN, GBIF), incorporation of our synthesised
dataset when assessing zoonosis risk based on host distributions could
counteract some of the biases inherent to these curated datasets (Boakes
et al., 2010). We identified 25 host-pathogen pairs reported from
included studies, 15 of these were not included in a consolidated
host-pathogen dataset. However, pathogen sampling within identified
species occurrence locations was limited, highlighting a further
component of sampling bias supporting calls for further pathogen
sampling across diverse species in zoonotic hotspots (Harvey and Holmes,
2022).

We found that rodent trapping studies, similar to biodiversity data,
showed important spatial biases (Beck et al., 2014). Relative trapping
effort was biased towards increased effort in Benin, Guinea, Senegal and
Sierra Leone driven by long-standing research collaborations
investigating the invasion of non-native rodent species (M. musculus and
R. rattus) and the risk of endemic zoonosis outbreaks (e.g.~Lassa
mammarenavirus). Much of West Africa remains relatively understudied,
particularly Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana and Nigeria, despite
these countries facing many of the same challenges. For example, annual
outbreaks of Lassa fever are reported in Nigeria and there are
potentially 60,000 unrecognised cases of Lassa fever each year in Côte
d'Ivoire and Ghana (Basinski et al., 2021). Rodent sampling should be
targeted towards regions with minimal data to reduce this bias and
assist in understanding the risk from endemic and novel zoonoses.

Rodent trapping studies provide geographic and temporally contextualised
data on both species detection and non-detection which are not available
from curated datasets. Non-detection data can improve models of species
distributions, unfortunately, high levels of missing data on trapping
effort will continue to confound the allocations of non-detections as
true absences (Václavík and Meentemeyer, 2009). Models of host species
occurrence and abundance, improved by incorporating species absence, are
important to assess the effect of land use and climate change on endemic
zoonosis spillover to human populations and direct limited public health
resources towards regions at greatest risk (Plowright et al., 2019).

Currently available consolidated datasets on host-pathogen associations
(e.g.~CLOVER, EID2 and GMPD2) do not include spatial or temporal
components (Gibb, Gregory F. Albery, et al., 2021a). The current
synthesis of rodent trapping studies has highlighted that pathogens have
been sparsely sampled within a hosts range. Current zoonosis risk models
dependent on these sources of data are therefore not able to incorporate
spatial heterogeneity in pathogen prevalence across the host range.
Additional uncertainty in current models of zoonotic disease risk arises
from observed host-pathogen associations that have not been reported in
these consolidated datasets. For example, Hylomyscus pamfi infected with
Lassa mammarenavirus and R. rattus infected with Coxiella burnetiid,
will not be included when solely dependent on consolidated host-pathogen
datasets. Further, detection of zoonotic pathogens in multiple
co-occurring host species supports the adoption of multi-species to
better understand the potential range of endemic zoonoses (Wilkinson et
al., 2019).

Few studies stratified detection and non-detection of hosts or pathogen
prevalence by time, therefore limiting inference of changes in host and
pathogen dynamics. This limitation prevents calculation of incidence of
infection and the abundance of infectious rodents which potentially
varies by both time and space (Fichet-Calvet et al., 2016).
Understanding of temporal changes in viral burden and shedding for
endemic zoonoses is required to accurately predict current and future
risk of pathogen spillover.

Finally, due to data sparsity, we were unable to account for temporal
change over the six decades of rodent trapping studies. Land use change
and population density have changed dramatically over this period in
West Africa (Herrmann et al., 2020). We attempted to mitigate against
this by using the median year of trapping as a reference point to
understand the spatial and land use biases in trapping activity. It is
possible that land use and population density at trapping sites varied
importantly between when the rodent trapping study was conducted and the
land use and human population variables in 2005. Despite this
limitation, the finding that trapping is biased towards high density,
human dominated landscapes is unlikely to substantially change (Beck et
al., 2014).

We have shown that synthesis of rodent trapping studies to supplement
curated rodent distributions can counteract some of the inherent biases
in these data and that they can add further contextual data to
host-pathogen association data. Together this supports their inclusion
in efforts to model endemic zoonotic risk and novel pathogen emergence.
Contribution of rodent trapping studies as data sources can be improved
by adopting reporting standards and practices consistent with Open
Science, namely sharing of disaggregated datasets alongside publication
(Foster and Deardorff, 2017).

Future rodent trapping studies should be targeted towards regions that
are currently under-studied. Further information on rodent presence and
abundance across West Africa will assist in modelling changing endemic
zoonosis risk and the potential for novel pathogen emergence. Sharing of
disaggregated data alongside research publications should be supported
with adoption of data standards to support further data synthesis.
Inclusion of exact locations of trapping sites, trapping effort and the
dates at which trapping occurred would support more detailed
understanding of the spatio-temporal dynamics of host populations and
the risk of endemic zoonosis spillover events. Despite these challenges
we propose that rodent trapping studies can provide an important source
of data to supplement curated datasets on rodent distributions to
quantify the risk of endemic zoonosis spillover events and the hazard of
novel pathogen emergence.

\hypertarget{references}{%
\section{References}\label{references}}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\begin{CSLReferences}{0}{0}
\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-albery_fast-lived_2021}{}}%
Albery, G. F. and Becker, D. J. (2021) {`Fast-lived {Hosts} and
{Zoonotic} {Risk}'}, \emph{Trends in Parasitology}, 37(2), pp. 117--129.
doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pt.2020.10.012}{10.1016/j.pt.2020.10.012}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-allen_global_2017}{}}%
Allen, T. \emph{et al.} (2017) {`Global hotspots and correlates of
emerging zoonotic diseases'}, \emph{Nature Communications}, 8(1), p.
1124. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-00923-8}{10.1038/s41467-017-00923-8}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-beck_spatial_2014}{}}%
Beck, J. \emph{et al.} (2014) {`Spatial bias in the {GBIF} database and
its effect on modeling species' geographic distributions'},
\emph{Ecological Informatics}, 19, pp. 10--15. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecoinf.2013.11.002}{10.1016/j.ecoinf.2013.11.002}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bernstein_costs_nodate}{}}%
Bernstein, A. S. \emph{et al.} (no date) {`The costs and benefits of
primary prevention of zoonotic pandemics'}, \emph{Science Advances},
8(5), p. eabl4183. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abl4183}{10.1126/sciadv.abl4183}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-boakes_distorted_2010}{}}%
Boakes, E. H. \emph{et al.} (2010) {`Distorted {Views} of
{Biodiversity}: {Spatial} and {Temporal} {Bias} in {Species}
{Occurrence} {Data}'}, \emph{PLOS Biology}, 8(6), p. e1000385. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000385}{10.1371/journal.pbio.1000385}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bovendorp_optimising_2017}{}}%
Bovendorp, R. S., MCCleery, R. A. and Galetti, M. (2017) {`Optimising
sampling methods for small mammal communities in {Neotropical}
rainforests'}, \emph{Mammal Review}, 47(2), pp. 148--158. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/mam.12088}{10.1111/mam.12088}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-bowler_temporal_nodate}{}}%
Bowler, D. E. \emph{et al.} (no date) {`Temporal trends in the spatial
bias of species occurrence records'}, \emph{Ecography}, n/a(n/a), p.
e06219. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/ecog.06219}{10.1111/ecog.06219}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-carlson_future_2021}{}}%
Carlson, C. J. \emph{et al.} (2021) {`The future of zoonotic risk
prediction'}, \emph{Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B:
Biological Sciences}, 376(1837), p. 20200358. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2020.0358}{10.1098/rstb.2020.0358}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-catalano_multihost_2020}{}}%
Catalano, S. \emph{et al.} (2020) {`Multihost {Transmission} of
{Schistosoma} mansoni in {Senegal}, 2015-2018'}, \emph{Emerging
Infectious Diseases}, 26(6), pp. 1234--1242. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2606.200107}{10.3201/eid2606.200107}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-database_of_global_administrative_areas_gadm_2022}{}}%
Database of Global Administrative Areas (2022) {`{GADM}'}. Available at:
\url{https://gadm.org/index.html} (Accessed: 25 April 2021).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-dobson_fast_2007}{}}%
Dobson, F. S. and Oli, M. K. (2007) {`Fast and slow life histories of
rodents'}, \emph{Rodent societies: an ecological and evolutionary
perspective}, pp. 99--105. Available at:
\url{https://www.jstor.org/stable/42902037}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-european_space_agency_climate_change_initiative_land_2022}{}}%
European Space Agency Climate Change Initiative (2022) {`Land cover
classification gridded maps from 1992 to present derived from satellite
observations'}. Available at:
\url{https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/cdsapp\#!/dataset/satellite-land-cover?tab=overview}
(Accessed: 3 March 2022).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-fichet-calvet_diversity_2009}{}}%
Fichet-Calvet, E. \emph{et al.} (2009) {`Diversity and dynamics in a
community of small mammals in coastal {Guinea}, {West} {Africa}'},
\emph{Belgian Journal of Zoology}, 139(2), pp. 93--102. Available at:
\url{http://www.vliz.be/nl/open-marien-archief?module=ref\&refid=204614}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-fischer_ecosystem_2018}{}}%
Fischer, C. \emph{et al.} (2018) {`Ecosystem services and disservices
provided by small rodents in arable fields: {Effects} of local and
landscape management'}, \emph{Journal of Applied Ecology}, 55(2), pp.
548--558. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/1365-2664.13016}{10.1111/1365-2664.13016}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-galeh_global_2020}{}}%
Galeh, T. M. \emph{et al.} (2020) {`Global {Status} of {Toxoplasma}
gondii {Seroprevalence} in {Rodents}: {A} {Systematic} {Review} and
{Meta}-{Analysis}'}, \emph{Frontiers in Veterinary Science}, 7.
Available at:
\url{https://www.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fvets.2020.00461}
(Accessed: 2 March 2022).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-garcia-pena_land-use_2021}{}}%
García-Peña, G. E. \emph{et al.} (2021) {`Land-use change and
rodent-borne diseases: Hazards on the shared socioeconomic pathways'},
\emph{Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological
Sciences}, 376(1837), p. 20200362. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2020.0362}{10.1098/rstb.2020.0362}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-gbif_the_global_biodiversity_information_facility_occurrence_2021}{}}%
GBIF: The Global Biodiversity Information Facility (2021a) {`Occurrence
{Download}'}. The Global Biodiversity Information Facility. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.15468/DL.S52MEH}{10.15468/DL.S52MEH}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-gbif_the_global_biodiversity_information_facility_global_2021}{}}%
GBIF: The Global Biodiversity Information Facility (2021b) {`The
{Global} {Biodiversity} {Information} {Facility}'}. Available at:
\url{https://www.gbif.org/} (Accessed: 25 April 2021).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-gibb_ecosystem_2020}{}}%
Gibb, R., Franklinos, L. H. V., \emph{et al.} (2020) {`Ecosystem
perspectives are needed to manage zoonotic risks in a changing
climate'}, \emph{BMJ}, 371, p. m3389. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.m3389}{10.1136/bmj.m3389}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-gibb_zoonotic_2020}{}}%
Gibb, R., Redding, D. W., \emph{et al.} (2020) {`Zoonotic host diversity
increases in human-dominated ecosystems'}, \emph{Nature}, 584(7821), pp.
398--402. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-020-2562-8}{10.1038/s41586-020-2562-8}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-gibb_mammal_2021}{}}%
Gibb, R. \emph{et al.} (2021) {`Mammal virus diversity estimates are
unstable due to accelerating discovery effort'}, \emph{Biology Letters},
18(1), p. 20210427. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1098/rsbl.2021.0427}{10.1098/rsbl.2021.0427}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-gibb_viralemergenceclover_2021}{}}%
Gibb, R., Carlson, C. J. and Farrell, M. J. (2021)
{`Viralemergence/clover: {Preprint} + {Zenodo}'}. Zenodo. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4435128}{10.5281/zenodo.4435128}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-grace_mapping_2012}{}}%
Grace, D. \emph{et al.} (2012) {`Mapping of poverty and likely zoonoses
hotspots'}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-halliday_endemic_2015}{}}%
Halliday, J. E. B. \emph{et al.} (2015) {`Endemic zoonoses in the
tropics: A public health problem hiding in plain sight'}, \emph{The
Veterinary Record}, 176(9), pp. 220--225. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1136/vr.h798}{10.1136/vr.h798}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-han_rodent_2015}{}}%
Han, B. A. \emph{et al.} (2015) {`Rodent reservoirs of future zoonotic
diseases'}, \emph{Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences},
112(22), pp. 7039--7044. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1501598112}{10.1073/pnas.1501598112}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-han_global_2016}{}}%
Han, B. A., Kramer, A. M. and Drake, J. M. (2016) {`Global {Patterns} of
{Zoonotic} {Disease} in {Mammals}'}, \emph{Trends in Parasitology},
32(7), pp. 565--577. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pt.2016.04.007}{10.1016/j.pt.2016.04.007}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-hassell_urbanization_2017}{}}%
Hassell, J. M. \emph{et al.} (2017) {`Urbanization and {Disease}
{Emergence}: {Dynamics} at the {Wildlife}--{Livestock}--{Human}
{Interface}'}, \emph{Trends in Ecology \& Evolution}, 32(1), pp. 55--67.
doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tree.2016.09.012}{10.1016/j.tree.2016.09.012}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-iucn_iucn_2021}{}}%
IUCN (2021) {`The {IUCN} {Red} {List} of {Threatened} {Species}'}.
Available at: \href{https://www.iucnredlist.org}{www.iucnredlist.org}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-judson_zoonoses_2021}{}}%
Judson, S. D. and Rabinowitz, P. M. (2021) {`Zoonoses and global
epidemics'}, \emph{Current Opinion in Infectious Diseases}, 34(5), pp.
385--392. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000749}{10.1097/QCO.0000000000000749}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-maudlin_neglected_2009}{}}%
Maudlin, I., Eisler, M. C. and Welburn, S. C. (2009) {`Neglected and
endemic zoonoses'}, \emph{Philosophical Transactions of the Royal
Society B: Biological Sciences}, 364(1530), pp. 2777--2787. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2009.0067}{10.1098/rstb.2009.0067}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-mcmahon_ecosystem_2018}{}}%
McMahon, B. J., Morand, S. and Gray, J. S. (2018) {`Ecosystem change and
zoonoses in the {Anthropocene}'}, \emph{Zoonoses and Public Health},
65(7), pp. 755--765. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/zph.12489}{10.1111/zph.12489}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-meerburg_rodent-borne_2009}{}}%
Meerburg, B., Singleton, G. and Kijlstra, A. (2009) {`Rodent-borne
diseases and their risks for public health'}, \emph{Critical reviews in
microbiology}, 35, pp. 221--70. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/10408410902989837}{10.1080/10408410902989837}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-molyneux_zoonoses_2011}{}}%
Molyneux, D. \emph{et al.} (2011) {`Zoonoses and marginalised infectious
diseases of poverty: {Where} do we stand?'}, \emph{Parasites \&
Vectors}, 4(1), p. 106. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1186/1756-3305-4-106}{10.1186/1756-3305-4-106}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-national_geospatial-intelligence_agency_nga_nodate}{}}%
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (no date) {`{NGA}: {GNS}
{Home}'}. Available at: \url{https://geonames.nga.mil/gns/html/}
(Accessed: 22 March 2021).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-pebesma_simple_2018}{}}%
Pebesma, E. (2018) {`Simple {Features} for {R}: {Standardized} {Support}
for {Spatial} {Vector} {Data}'}, \emph{The R Journal}, 10(1), pp.
439--446. Available at:
\url{https://journal.r-project.org/archive/2018/RJ-2018-009/index.html}
(Accessed: 24 May 2022).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-pedersen_hierarchical_2019}{}}%
Pedersen, E. J. \emph{et al.} (2019) {`Hierarchical generalized additive
models in ecology: An introduction with mgcv'}, \emph{PeerJ}, 7, p.
e6876. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.6876}{10.7717/peerj.6876}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-plowright_sampling_2019}{}}%
Plowright, R. K. \emph{et al.} (2019) {`Sampling to elucidate the
dynamics of infections in reservoir hosts'}, \emph{Philosophical
Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences}, 374(1782), p.
20180336. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2018.0336}{10.1098/rstb.2018.0336}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-r_core_team_r_2020}{}}%
R Core Team (2020) \emph{R: {A} {Language} and {Environment} for
{Statistical} {Computing}}. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for
Statistical Computing. Available at: \url{https://www.R-project.org/}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-redding_evaluating_2017}{}}%
Redding, D. W. \emph{et al.} (2017) {`Evaluating {Bayesian} spatial
methods for modelling species distributions with clumped and restricted
occurrence data'}, \emph{PLOS ONE}, 12(11), p. e0187602. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0187602}{10.1371/journal.pone.0187602}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-simons_rodents_2022}{}}%
Simons, D. (2022) {`Rodents and potential zoonotic diseases in {West}
{Africa}'}. Available at:
\url{https://diddrog11.shinyapps.io/scoping_review_app/} (Accessed: 2
March 2022).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-socioeconomic_data_and_applications_center_gridded_2021}{}}%
Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (2021) {`Gridded {Population}
of the {World} ({GPW}), v4 {\textbar} {SEDAC}'}. Available at:
\url{https://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/collection/gpw-v4}
(Accessed: 4 February 2021).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-usaid_one_2021}{}}%
USAID (2021) {`One {Health} {Surveillance}'}, \emph{PREDICT Project}.
Available at: \url{https://p2.predict.global/surveillance} (Accessed: 27
September 2021).

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-wille_how_2021}{}}%
Wille, M., Geoghegan, J. L. and Holmes, E. C. (2021) {`How accurately
can we assess zoonotic risk?'}, \emph{PLOS Biology}. Edited by A. P.
Dobson, 19(4), p. e3001135. doi:
\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.3001135}{10.1371/journal.pbio.3001135}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-wood_generalized_2017}{}}%
Wood, S. N. (2017) \emph{Generalized {Additive} {Models}: {An}
{Introduction} with {R}}. 2nd edn. Chapman; Hall/CRC.

\end{CSLReferences}

\hypertarget{supplementary}{%
\section{Supplementary}\label{supplementary}}

\hypertarget{supplementary-table-1}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Table 1}\label{supplementary-table-1}}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{1.28in}|p{1.86in}|p{8.17in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 1: Data extraction tool for studies meeting inclusion criteria
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Extraction\ tool}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Variable}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Description}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Extraction\ tool}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Variable}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Description}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Study\ data}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{link}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{link\ to\ manuscript}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{year\_publication}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{year\ of\ publication}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{title}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{title\ of\ manuscript}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{journal\_name}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{journal}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim\_1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{stated\ aim\ of\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim\_2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{stated\ aim\ of\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim\_3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{stated\ aim\ of\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{first\_author}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{first\ author\ of\ the\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{reference\_uid}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{DOI/ISSN/ISBN\ of\ the\ publication}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{unique\_id}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{unique\ ID\ for\ the\ current\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{metric}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{measurement\ of\ species\ presence\ abundance/presence}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{trap\_types}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{type\ of\ rodent\ traps\ used}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{trapping\_method}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{construction\ of\ the\ sampling\ grid}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{repeated\_visit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{whether\ there\ were\ multiple\ study\ visits\ to\ the\ same\ sites}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{geolocation\_level}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{the\ level\ of\ geolocation\ reported}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{speciation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{the\ level\ of\ speciation\ of\ trapped\ rodents}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim\ of\ the\ study\ dichotomised\ to\ Ecology\ or\ Zoonotic\ risk}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim\_detail\_1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{categorisation\ of\ study\ aims}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{aim\_detail\_2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{whether\ a\ species\ accumulation\ curve\ to\ describe\ trapping\ effort\ is\ reported}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{species\_accumulation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{whether\ there\ is\ a\ measure\ of\ rodent\ species\ diversity\ reported}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{diversity\_measurement}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{whether\ pathogens\ are\ assayed}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{trapping\_effort}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{completeness\ of\ reported\ trapping\ effort}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rodent\ data}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{unique\_id}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{unique\ ID\ for\ the\ current\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{year\_trapping}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{year\ rodent\ trapping\ occurred\ (range)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{month\_trapping}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{months\ trapping\ occurred\ (range)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{country}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{country\ trapping\ occurred\ within}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{region}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{region\ trapping\ occurred\ within}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{town\_village}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{name\ of\ towns\ or\ villages\ trapping\ occurred\ within}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\_DMS\_N}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ degrees\ minutes\ seconds\ (North)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\_DMS\_W}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ degrees\ minutes\ seconds\ (West)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\_D\_N}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ decimal\ degrees\ (North)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\_D\_E}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ decimal\ degrees\ (East)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{UTM\_coordinates}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{location\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ UTM\ coordinates}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{habitat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{habitat\ type\ of\ trapping\ site}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{intensity\_use}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{the\ intensity\ of\ human\ disturbance\ in\ the\ trapping\ site}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{genus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{reported\ genus\ of\ trapped\ rodent/small\ mammal\ species}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{reported\ species\ of\ trapped\ rodent/small\ mammal\ species}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ trapped\ individuals}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{trap\_nights}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ trap\ nights\ reported}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{capture\_rate}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{rate\ of\ capture\ if\ reported}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{trap\_night\_unit}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{the\ unit\ of\ trap\ night\ measurement}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{study\_nights}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{the\ number\ of\ study\ nights\ completed\ at\ the\ trap\ site}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogen\ data}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{unique\_id}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{unique\ ID\ for\ the\ current\ study}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{year\_trapping}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{year\ rodent\ trapping\ occurred\ (range)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{month}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{months\ trapping\ occurred\ (range)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{country}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{country\ trapping\ occurred\ within}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{region}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{region\ trapping\ occurred\ within}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{town\_village}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{name\ of\ towns\ or\ villages\ trapping\ occurred\ within}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{habitat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{habitat\ type\ of\ trapping\ site}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{genus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{reported\ genus\ of\ trapped\ rodent/small\ mammal\ species}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{reported\ species\ of\ trapped\ rodent/small\ mammal\ species}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{pathogen\_x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{pathogens\ tested\ for,\ 1-7\ possible\ columns}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\_DMS\_N}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ degrees\ minutes\ seconds\ (North)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\_DMS\_W}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ degrees\ minutes\ seconds\ (West)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\_D\_N}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{latitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ decimal\ degrees\ (North)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\_D\_E}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{longitude\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ decimal\ degrees\ (East)}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{UTM\_coordinates}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{location\ of\ trapping\ site\ in\ UTM\ coordinates}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{path\_x\_tested}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ individuals\ assayed\ for\ the\ corresponding\ pathogen,\ 1-7\ possible\ columns}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{pcr\_x\_positive}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ individuals\ PCR\ positive\ for\ the\ corresponding\ pathogen,\ 1-7\ possible\ columns}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{ab\_ag\_x\_positive}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ individuals\ with\ positive\ serological\ assays\ for\ the\ corresponding\ pathogen,\ 1-7\ possible\ columns}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{culture\_x\_positive}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ individuals\ culture\ positive\ for\ the\ corresponding\ pathogen,\ 1-7\ possible\ columns}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.28in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.86in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{histo\_x\_positive}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 8.17in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{number\ of\ individuals\ histologically/histopathologically\ positive\ for\ the\ corresponding\ pathogen,\ 1-7\ possible\ columns}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\hypertarget{supplementary-table-2}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Table 2}\label{supplementary-table-2}}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}|p{0.75in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 2: Included studies
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Publication\ link}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Year}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Author}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Title}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{DOI/ISBN/ISSN}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{link}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Publication\ link}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Year}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Author}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Title}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{DOI/ISBN/ISSN}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{link}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1515/mammalia-2020-0013}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2021}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mnqobi\ Mamba}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Small\ mammals\ of\ a\ West\ African\ hotspot,\ the\ Ziama-Wonegizi-Wologizi\ transfrontier\ forest\ landscape}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1515/mammalia-2020-0013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1515/mammalia-2020-0013}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3390/biology10010028}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2021}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Umaru\ Bangura}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ virus\ circulation\ in\ small\ mammal\ populations\ in\ Bo\ district,\ Sierra\ Leone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3390/biology10010028}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3390/biology10010028}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.17420/ap6602.262}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adama\ Zida}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mastomys\ natalensis,\ Cricetomys\ gambianus\ and\ Taterillus\ sp.\ were\ found\ PCR\ positive\ for\ Leishmania\ major\ in\ Burkina\ Faso,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Annals\ of\ Parasitology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.17420/ap6602.262}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.17420/ap6602.262}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.25225/jvb.20009}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Violaine\ Nicolas}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Small\ mammal\ inventory\ in\ the\ Lama\ forest\ reserve\ (south\ Benin),\ with\ new\ cytogenetical\ data}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Vertebrate\ Biology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.25225/jvb.20009}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.25225/jvb.20009}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/22221751.2020.1766381}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Joachim\ Marien}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Households\ as\ hotspots\ of\ Lassa\ fever?\ Assessing\ the\ spatial\ distribution\ of\ Lassa\ virus-infected\ rodents\ in\ rural\ villages\ of\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Microbes\ and\ Infections}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1080/22221751.2020.1766381}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1080/22221751.2020.1766381}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10530-020-02304-7}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Christophe\ Diagne}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Association\ between\ temporal\ patterns\ in\ helminth\ assemblages\ and\ successful\ range\ expansion\ of\ exotic\ Mus\ musculus\ domesticus\ in\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biological\ Invasions}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s10530-020-02304-7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10530-020-02304-7}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3390/pathogens9030202}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Handi\ Dahmana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rodents\ as\ hosts\ of\ pathogens\ and\ related\ zoonotic\ disease\ risk}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogens}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3390/pathogens9030202}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3390/pathogens9030202}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2606.200107}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Stefano\ Catalano}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Multihost\ transmission\ of\ Schistosoma\ mansoni\ in\ Senegal,\ 2015-2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3201/eid2606.200107}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2606.200107}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://dx.doi.org/10.24189/ncr.2020.005}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Ahissa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Species\ composition\ and\ community\ structure\ of\ terrestrial\ small\ mammals\ in\ Tanoé-Ehy\ Swamp\ Forest\ (South-East\ Ivory\ Coast):\ implication\ for\ conservation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Nature\ Conservation\ Research}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.24189/ncr.2020.005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://dx.doi.org/10.24189/ncr.2020.005}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.24072/pci.ecology.100044}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Claire\ Stragier}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Interplay\ between\ historical\ and\ current\ features\ of\ the\ cityscape\ in\ shaping\ the\ genetic\ structure\ of\ the\ house\ mouse\ (\ Mus\ musculus\ domesticus)\ in\ Dakar\ (Senegal,\ West\ Africa)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Peer\ Community\ in\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1101/557066}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.24072/pci.ecology.100044}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.7.e34754}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Natalie\ Weber}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{New\ records\ of\ bats\ and\ terrestrial\ small\ mammals\ from\ the\ Seli\ River\ in\ Sierra\ Leone\ before\ the\ construction\ of\ a\ hydroelectric\ dam}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biodiversity\ Data\ Journal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3897/BDJ.7.e34754}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.7.e34754}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/22221751.2019.1605846}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Joachim\ Marien}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Evaluation\ of\ rodent\ control\ to\ fight\ Lassa\ fever\ based\ on\ field\ data\ and\ mathematical\ modelling}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Microbes\ and\ Infections}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1080/22221751.2019.1605846}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1080/22221751.2019.1605846}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3390/d11120238}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Karmidine\ Hima}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Native\ and\ invasive\ small\ mammals\ in\ urban\ habitats\ along\ the\ commercial\ axis\ connecting\ Benin\ and\ Niger,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Diversity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3390/d11120238}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3390/d11120238}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3390/v11020181}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Moussa\ Diagne}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Usutu\ virus\ isolated\ from\ rodents\ in\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Viruses}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3390/v11020181}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3390/v11020181}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijppaw.2019.02.003}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Stefano\ Catalano}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Plagiorchis\ sp.\ in\ small\ mammals\ of\ Senegal\ and\ the\ potential\ emergence\ of\ a\ zoonotic\ trematodiasis}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{IJP:\ Parasites\ and\ Wildlife}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.ijppaw.2019.02.003}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijppaw.2019.02.003}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1101/616466}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{L\ Karan}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ Virus\ in\ the\ Host\ Rodent\ Mastomys\ Natalensis\ within\ Urban\ Areas\ of\ N’zerekore,\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{bioRxiv}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1101/616466}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1101/616466}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2510.180523}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Agnes\ Yadouleton}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ Virus\ in\ Pygmy\ Mice,\ Benin,\ 2016–2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3201/eid2510.180523}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2510.180523}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.2478/foecol-2019-0001}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Safianu\ Rabiu}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Demographic\ response\ of\ the\ Gambian\ gerbil\ to\ seasonal\ changes\ in\ savannah\ fallow\ fields}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Folio\ Oecologica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.2478/foecol-2019-0001}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.2478/foecol-2019-0001}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.11648/j.eeb.20190404.11}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Karmidine\ Hima}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Population\ Dynamics\ and\ Genetics\ of\ Gerbillus\ nigeriae\ in\ Central\ Sahel:\ Implications\ for\ Rodent\ Pest\ Control}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ecology\ and\ Evolutionary\ Biology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.11648/j.eeb.20190404.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.11648/j.eeb.20190404.11}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3390/urbansci3030099}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Gualbert\ Houemenou}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pathogenic\ Leptospira\ in\ Commensal\ Small\ Mammals\ from\ the\ Extensively\ Urbanized\ Coastal\ Benin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Urban\ Science}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3390/urbansci3030099}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3390/urbansci3030099}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3126/ijasbt.v7i4.25581}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Kouame\ Akpatou}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Assessment\ of\ Terrestrial\ Small\ Mammals\ in\ an\ Agro-industrial\ Company\ Concession,\ Western\ Liberia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{International\ Journal\ of\ Applied\ Sciences\ and\ Biotechnology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3126/ijasbt.v7i4.25581}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3126/ijasbt.v7i4.25581}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijpara.2018.11.004}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lokman\ Galal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Diversity\ of\ Toxoplasma\ gondii\ strains\ shaped\ by\ commensal\ communities\ of\ small\ mammals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{International\ Journal\ for\ Parasitology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.ijpara.2018.11.004}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijpara.2018.11.004}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0031182018001427}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Stefano\ Catalano}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rodents\ of\ Senegal\ and\ their\ role\ as\ intermediate\ hosts\ of\ Hydatigera\ spp.\ (Cestoda:\ Taeniidae)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Parasitology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1017/S0031182018001427}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0031182018001427}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.00150}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Katharina\ Schaufler}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Clinically\ relevant\ ESBL-producing\ K.\ pneumoniae\ ST307\ and\ E.\ coli\ ST38\ in\ an\ urban\ West\ African\ rat\ population}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Frontiers\ in\ Microbiology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3389/fmicb.2018.00150}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.00150}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1186/s13071-018-2991-5}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ayodeji\ Olayemi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Widespread\ arenavirus\ occurrence\ and\ seroprevalence\ in\ small\ mammals,\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Parasites\ and\ Vectors}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1186/s13071-018-2991-5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1186/s13071-018-2991-5}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1051/parasite/2018036}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Carine\ Brouat}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Seroprevalence\ of\ Toxoplasma\ gondii\ in\ commensal\ rodents\ sampled\ across\ Senegal,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Parasite}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1051/parasite/2018036}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1051/parasite/2018036}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10661-018-6858-1}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Benjamin\ Ofori}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Urban\ green\ area\ provides\ refuge\ for\ native\ small\ mammal\ biodiversity\ in\ a\ rapidly\ expanding\ city\ in\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Environmental\ Monitoring\ and\ Assessment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s10661-018-6858-1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10661-018-6858-1}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actatropica.2018.07.028}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Joshua\ Kamani}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Prevalence\ of\ Hepatozoon\ and\ Sarcocystis\ spp.\ in\ rodents\ and\ their\ ectoparasites\ in\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Acta\ Tropica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.actatropica.2018.07.028}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actatropica.2018.07.028}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://ncr-journal.bear-land.org/article/173}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Kouame\ Akpatou}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Terrestrial\ small\ mammal\ diversity\ and\ abundance\ in\ Taï\ National\ Park,\ Côte\ d'Ivoire}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Nature\ Conservation\ Research}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.24189/ncr.2018.067}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://ncr-journal.bear-land.org/article/173}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3347/kjp.2018.56.1.93}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Isaac\ Clement}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Endoparasites\ of\ Small\ Mammals\ in\ Edo\ State,\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ Korean\ Journal\ of\ Parasitology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3347/kjp.2018.56.1.93}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3347/kjp.2018.56.1.93}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s00436-017-5404-3}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Alexis\ Ribas}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Whipworm\ diversity\ in\ West\ African\ rodents:\ a\ molecular\ approach\ and\ the\ description\ of\ Trichuris\ duplantieri\ n.\ sp.\ (Nematoda:\ Trichuridae)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Parasitological\ Research}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s00436-017-5404-3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s00436-017-5404-3}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/hdy.2017.18}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{C\ Lippens}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Genetic\ structure\ and\ invasion\ history\ of\ the\ house\ mouse\ (Mus\ musculus\ domesticus)\ in\ Senegal,\ West\ Africa:\ a\ legacy\ of\ colonial\ and\ contemporary\ times.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Heredity}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1038/hdy.2017.18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1038/hdy.2017.18}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-14880-1}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Christophe\ Diagne}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ecological\ and\ sanitary\ impacts\ of\ bacterial\ communities\ associated\ to\ biological\ invasions\ in\ African\ commensal\ rodent\ communities}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Scientific\ Reports}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1038/s41598-017-14880-1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-14880-1}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1089/vbz.2017.2135}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Christophe\ Diagne}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Serological\ survey\ of\ zoonotic\ viruses\ in\ invasive\ and\ native\ commensal\ rodents\ in\ Senegal,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Vector-Borne\ and\ Zoonotic\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1089/vbz.2017.2135}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1089/vbz.2017.2135}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://link.springer.com/10.1007/s10661-017-5960-0}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Daniel\ Attuquayefio}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Impact\ of\ mining\ and\ forest\ regeneration\ on\ small\ mammal\ biodiversity\ in\ the\ Western\ Region\ of\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Environmental\ Monitoring\ and\ Assessment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s10661-017-5960-0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://link.springer.com/10.1007/s10661-017-5960-0}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2104.141469}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Thomasz\ Leski}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Sequence\ Variability\ and\ Geographic\ Distribution\ of\ Lassa\ Virus,\ Sierra\ Leone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3201/eid2104.141469}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2104.141469}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actatropica.2015.08.016}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Georges\ Diatta}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Borrelia\ infection\ in\ small\ mammals\ in\ West\ Africa\ and\ its\ relationship\ with\ tick\ occurrence\ inside\ burrows}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Acta\ Tropica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.actatropica.2015.08.016}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actatropica.2015.08.016}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.silvavir.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/SilvaVir\_Chimbo\_SmMammalsAmphibians\_Boe\_Report\_2015\_DEF\_web.pdf}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{R\ Mol}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Small\ terrestrial\ mammal\ and\ amphibian\ survey\ Boé\ region,\ Guinea-Bissau.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Silvavir\ Forest\ Consultants}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{osf.io/nj5v8/}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.silvavir.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/SilvaVir\_Chimbo\_SmMammalsAmphibians\_Boe\_Report\_2015\_DEF\_web.pdf}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://journals.plos.org/plosntds/article?id=10.1371/journal.pntd.0003437}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Charles\ Narh}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Source\ Tracking\ Mycobacterium\ ulcerans\ Infections\ in\ the\ Ashanti\ Region,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PLOS\ NTD}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1371/journal.pntd.0003437}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://journals.plos.org/plosntds/article?id=10.1371/journal.pntd.0003437}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.omicsonline.org/open-access/detection-of-mycobacterium-ulcerans-in-mastomys-natalensis-and-potential-transmission-in-buruli-ulcer-endemic-areas-in-cte-divoire-2161-1068-1000184.php?aid=56074}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Christelle\ Dassi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ of\ Mycobacterium\ ulcerans\ in\ Mastomys\ natalensis\ and\ Potential\ Transmission\ in\ Buruli\ ulcer\ Endemic\ Areas\ in\ Côte\ d'Ivoire}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mycobacterial\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4172/2161-1068.1000184}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.omicsonline.org/open-access/detection-of-mycobacterium-ulcerans-in-mastomys-natalensis-and-potential-transmission-in-buruli-ulcer-endemic-areas-in-cte-divoire-2161-1068-1000184.php?aid=56074}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0110666}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2014}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Madougou\ Garba}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Spatial\ Segregation\ between\ invasive\ and\ native\ commensal\ rodents\ in\ an\ urban\ environment:\ a\ case\ study\ in\ Niamey,\ Niger}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PLOS\ One}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1371/journal.pone.0110666}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0110666}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://ugspace.ug.edu.gh/handle/123456789/6306}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2014}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Benjamin\ Ofori}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Preliminary\ checklist\ and\ aspects\ of\ the\ ecology\ of\ small\ mammals\ at\ the\ University\ of\ Ghana\ Botanical\ Garden,\ Accra\ Plains,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Biodiversity\ and\ Environmental\ Sciences}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2222-3045}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://ugspace.ug.edu.gh/handle/123456789/6306}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0078473}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Jean-Francois\ Trape}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ epidemiology\ and\ geographic\ distribution\ of\ relapsing\ fever\ borreliosis\ in\ West\ and\ North\ Africa,\ with\ a\ review\ of\ the\ ornithodoros\ erraticus\ complex\ (Acari:\ Ixodida)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PLOS\ One}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1371/journal.pone.0078473}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0078473}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/mec.12112}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adam\ Konecny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Invasion\ genetics\ of\ the\ introduced\ black\ rat\ (rattus\ rattus)\ in\ Senegal,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Molecular\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/mec.12112}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/mec.12112}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pntd.0002246}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Joshua\ Kamani}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Prevalence\ and\ diversity\ of\ Bartonella\ species\ in\ commensal\ rodents\ and\ ectoparasites\ from\ Nigeria,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PLOS\ NTD}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1371/journal.pntd.0002246}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pntd.0002246}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1515/mammalia-2012-0083}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Blaise\ Kadjo}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Assessment\ of\ terrestrial\ small\ mammals\ and\ a\ record\ of\ the\ critically\ endangered\ shrew\ Crocidura\ wimmeri\ in\ Banco\ National\ Park\ (Cote\ d'Ivoire)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1515/mammalia-2012-0083}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1515/mammalia-2012-0083}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid1911.121491}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Karl\ Kronmann}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Two\ Novel\ Arenaviruses\ Detected\ in\ Pygmy\ Mice,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3201/eid1911.121491}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid1911.121491}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.5402/2013/502638}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Gualbert\ Houemenou}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Leptospira\ spp.\ Prevalence\ in\ Small\ Mammal\ Populations\ in\ Cotonou,\ Benin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{ISRN\ Epidemiology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.5402/2013/502638}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.5402/2013/502638}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/aje.12055}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Khalilou\ Ba}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ecology\ of\ a\ typical\ West\ African\ Sudanian\ savannah\ rodent\ community}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/aje.12055}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/aje.12055}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pntd.0001924}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Tom\ Schwan}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Endemic\ foci\ of\ tick-borne\ relapsing\ fever\ spirochete\ Borrelia\ crocidurae\ in\ Mali,\ West\ Africa\ and\ the\ potential\ for\ human\ infection}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PLOS\ NTD}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1371/journal.pntd.0001924}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pntd.0001924}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1515/mammalia-2011-0012}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Christiane\ Denys}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{On\ a\ new\ species\ of\ Dendromus\ (Rodentia,\ Nesomyidae)\ from\ Mount\ Nimba,\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1515/mammalia-2011-0012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1515/mammalia-2011-0012}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actao.2012.01.002}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Crespin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Demographic\ aspects\ of\ the\ island\ syndrome\ in\ two\ Afrotropical\ Mastomys\ rodent\ species}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Acta\ Oecologica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.actao.2012.01.002}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actao.2012.01.002}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jaridenv.2011.04.029}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2011}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{M.\ Thiam}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Capacity\ for\ water\ conservation\ in\ invasive\ (Gerbillus\ nigeriae)\ and\ declining\ rodents\ (Taterillus\ pygargus\ and\ Taterillus\ gracilis)\ that\ exhibit\ climate-induced\ distribution\ changes\ in\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Arid\ Environments}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.jaridenv.2011.04.029}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jaridenv.2011.04.029}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-7998.2011.00803.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2011}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Karmidine\ Hima}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Extensive\ Robertsonian\ polymorphism\ in\ the\ African\ rodent\ Gerbillus\ nigeriae:\ geographic\ aspects\ and\ meiotic\ data}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Zoology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/j.1469-7998.2011.00803.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-7998.2011.00803.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.mambio.2011.06.003}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2011}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Granjon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Guinean\ biodiversity\ at\ the\ edge:\ Rodents\ in\ forest\ patchs\ of\ Southern\ Mali}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalian\ Biology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.mambio.2011.06.003}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.mambio.2011.06.003}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0020893}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2011}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{David\ Coulibaly-N'golo}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Novel\ arenavirus\ sequences\ in\ Hylomyscus\ sp.\ and\ Mus\ (Nannomys)\ setulosus\ from\ Cote\ d'Ivoire:\ Implications\ for\ evolution\ of\ arenaviruses\ in\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PLOS\ One}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1371/journal.pone.0020893}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0020893}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01144.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Elisabeth\ Fichet-Calvet}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Diversity,\ dynamics\ and\ reproduction\ in\ a\ community\ of\ small\ mammals\ in\ Upper\ Guinea,\ with\ emphasis\ on\ pygmy\ mice\ ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01144.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01144.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actatropica.2010.11.004}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Gauthier\ Dobigny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Molecular\ survey\ of\ rodent-borne\ Trypanosoma\ in\ Niger\ with\ special\ emphasis\ on\ T.\ lewisi\ imported\ by\ invasive\ black\ rats}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Acta\ Tropica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/j.actatropica.2010.11.004}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actatropica.2010.11.004}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.jstor.org/stable/40802598}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{R\ Sall-Drame}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Variation\ in\ cestode\ assemblages\ of\ Mastomys\ and\ Arvicanthis\ species\ (Rodents:\ Muridae)\ from\ Lake\ Retba\ in\ Western\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Parasitology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1645/GE-2437.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.jstor.org/stable/40802598}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.2010.09-0716}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mary\ Reynolds}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ silent\ enzootic\ of\ an\ orthopoxvirus\ in\ Ghana,\ West\ Africa:\ Evidence\ for\ multi-species\ involvement\ in\ the\ absence\ of\ widespread\ human\ disease}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{American\ Journal\ of\ Tropical\ Medicine\ and\ Hygiene}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4269/ajtmh.2010.09-0716}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.2010.09-0716}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1515/mamm.2010.026}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Jan\ Decher}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Small\ mammal\ survey\ in\ the\ upper\ Seli\ River\ valley,\ Sierra\ Leone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1515/MAMM.2010.026}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1515/mamm.2010.026}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1128/AEM.00199-10}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lies\ Durnez}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Terrestrial\ Small\ Mammals\ as\ Reservoirs\ of\ Mycobacterium\ ulcerans\ in\ Benin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Applied\ and\ Environmental\ Microbiology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1128/AEM.00199-10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1128/AEM.00199-10}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://www.aensiweb.net/AENSIWEB/rjabs/rjabs/2010/144-149.pdf}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Edward\ Omudu}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ Survey\ of\ Rats\ Trapped\ in\ Residential\ Apartments\ and\ Their\ Ectoparasites\ in\ Makurdi,\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Research\ Journal\ of\ Agriculture\ and\ Biological\ Sciences}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1816-1561}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://www.aensiweb.net/AENSIWEB/rjabs/rjabs/2010/144-149.pdf}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01144.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2009}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Elisabeth\ Fichet-Calvet}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Diversity\ and\ dynamics\ in\ a\ community\ of\ small\ mammals\ in\ coastal\ Guinea,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Belgian\ Journal\ of\ Zoology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2295-0451}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01144.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/11250000802616817}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2009}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Christiane\ Denys}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{New\ data\ on\ the\ taxonomy\ and\ distribution\ of\ Rodentia\ (Mammalia)\ from\ the\ Western\ and\ coastal\ regions\ of\ Guinea\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Italian\ Journal\ of\ Zoology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1080/11250000802616817}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1080/11250000802616817}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10531-008-9389-1}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2008}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ayodeji\ Olayemi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Diversity\ and\ distribution\ of\ murid\ rodent\ populations\ between\ forest\ and\ derived\ savanna\ sites\ within\ south\ western\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biodiversity\ and\ Conservation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s10531-008-9389-1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10531-008-9389-1}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://www.ajol.info/index.php/gjs/article/view/56252}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2008}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{D\ Attuquayefio}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biodiversity\ assessment\ (rodents\ and\ avifauna)\ of\ five\ forest\ reserves\ in\ the\ Brong-Ahafo\ Region,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ghana\ Journal\ of\ Science}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4314/gjs.v48i1.56252}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://www.ajol.info/index.php/gjs/article/view/56252}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://197.255.68.203/handle/123456789/972}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2008}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{G\ Raczniak}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Cutaneous\ leishmaniasis\ in\ the\ Volta\ district\ of\ Ghana:\ An\ uncertain\ reservoir\ for\ focal\ disease\ outbreak}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ Libyan\ Journal\ of\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{osf.io/g3r2e/}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://197.255.68.203/handle/123456789/972}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.cambridge.org/core/product/identifier/S0266467408005105/type/journal\_article}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2008}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Crespin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Annual\ flooding,\ survival\ and\ recruitment\ in\ a\ rodent\ population\ from\ the\ Niger\ River\ plain\ in\ Mali}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Tropical\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1017/S0266467408005105}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.cambridge.org/core/product/identifier/S0266467408005105/type/journal\_article}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.liebertpub.com/doi/10.1089/vbz.2006.0581}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2007}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Joseph\ Fair}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ Virus-Infected\ Rodents\ in\ Refugee\ Camps\ in\ Guinea:\ A\ Looming\ Threat\ to\ Public\ Health\ in\ a\ Politically\ Unstable\ Region}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Vector-Borne\ and\ Zoonotic\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1089/vbz.2006.0581}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.liebertpub.com/doi/10.1089/vbz.2006.0581}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://catalog.hathitrust.org/api/volumes/oclc/76905467.html}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2006}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ryan\ Norris}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ rapid\ biological\ assessment\ of\ three\ classified\ forests\ in\ southeastern\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{RAP\ Bulletin\ of\ Biological\ Assessment\ 40}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1-881173-48-8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://catalog.hathitrust.org/api/volumes/oclc/76905467.html}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1896/054.047.0116}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2006}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Natalie\ Weber}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ Rapid\ Biological\ Assessment\ of\ the\ Atewa\ Range\ Forest\ Reserve,\ Eastern\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Conservation\ International}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1896/054.047.0116}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1896/054.047.0116}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1896/054.050.0114}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2006}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Patrick\ Barriere}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rapid\ Survey\ of\ the\ Small\ Mammals\ of\ Ajenjua\ Bepo\ and\ Mamang\ River\ Forest\ Reserves,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Conservation\ International}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1896/054.050.0114}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1896/054.050.0114}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/237736690\_Spatial\_distribution\_of\_commensal\_rodents\_in\_regions\_with\_high\_and\_low\_Lassa\_fever\_prevalence\_in\_Guinea}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Elisabeth\ Fichet-Calvet}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Spatial\ distribution\ of\ commensal\ rodents\ in\ regions\ with\ high\ and\ low\ Lassa\ fever\ prevalence\ in\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Belgian\ Journal\ of\ Zoology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0777-6276}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/237736690\_Spatial\_distribution\_of\_commensal\_rodents\_in\_regions\_with\_high\_and\_low\_Lassa\_fever\_prevalence\_in\_Guinea}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.4314/gjs.v45i1.15906}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{D\ Attuquayefio}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Preliminary\ biodiversity\ assessment\ (herpetofauna\ and\ mammals)\ of\ a\ coastal\ wetland\ in\ the\ Volta\ region,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ghana\ Journal\ of\ Science}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4314/gjs.v45i1.15906}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.4314/gjs.v45i1.15906}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1896/978-1-934151-01-3.47}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ara\ Monadjem}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rapid\ survey\ of\ bats\ of\ North\ Lorma,\ Gola\ and\ Grebo\ National\ Forests,\ with\ notes\ on\ shrews\ and\ rodents}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Conservation\ International}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1896/978-1-934151-01-3.47}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1896/978-1-934151-01-3.47}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://press.uchicago.edu/ucp/books/book/distributed/B/bo4342936.html}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Jan\ Decher}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ biological\ assessment\ of\ the\ terrestrial\ ecosystems\ of\ the\ Draw\ River,\ Boi-Tano,\ Tano\ Nimiri\ and\ Krokosua\ Hills\ forest\ reserves,\ southwestern\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Conservation\ International}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{978-1-881173-90-8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://press.uchicago.edu/ucp/books/book/distributed/B/bo4342936.html}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1046/j.0305-0270.2003.00999.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2004}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{B.\ Sicard}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Effects\ of\ climate\ and\ local\ aridity\ on\ the\ latitudinal\ and\ habitat\ distribution\ of\ Arvicanthis\ niloticus\ and\ Arvicanthis\ ansorgei\ (Rodentia,\ Murinae)\ in\ Mali}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Biogeography}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1046/j.0305-0270.2003.00999.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1046/j.0305-0270.2003.00999.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1896/054.047.0116}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2004}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Jan\ Decher}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ rapid\ survey\ of\ terrestrial\ small\ mammals\ (shrews\ and\ rodents)\ of\ the\ Foret\ Classee\ du\ Pic\ de\ Fon,\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rapid\ Assessment\ Program}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1-881173-75-5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1896/054.047.0116}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://link.springer.com/10.1007/BF03192504}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2004}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Sara\ Churchfield}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{First\ results\ on\ the\ feeding\ ecology\ of\ sympatric\ shrews\ (Insectivora:\ Soricidae)\ in\ the\ Tai\ National\ Park,\ Ivory\ Coast}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Acta\ Theriologica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/BF03192504}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://link.springer.com/10.1007/BF03192504}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2907.2003.00007.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2003}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Granjon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ importance\ of\ cytotaxonomy\ in\ understanding\ the\ biogeography\ of\ African\ rodents:\ Lake\ Chad\ murids\ as\ an\ example}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammal\ Review}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1046/j.1365-2907.2003.00007.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2907.2003.00007.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.ajol.info/index.php/wajae/article/view/45582}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2003}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{D\ Attuquayefio}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ study\ of\ bushfires\ in\ a\ Ghanaian\ coastal\ wetland.\ Impact\ on\ small\ mammals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Applied\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0855-4307}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.ajol.info/index.php/wajae/article/view/45582}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1515/mamm.2002.66.4.495}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2002}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Gauthier\ Dobigny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ cytotaxonomic\ survey\ of\ Rodents\ from\ Niger:\ implications\ for\ systematics,\ biodiversity\ and\ biogeography}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1515/mamm.2002.66.4.495}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1515/mamm.2002.66.4.495}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1089/15303660160025912}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2001}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Austin\ Demby}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ Fever\ in\ Guinea:\ II.\ Distribution\ and\ Prevalence\ of\ Lassa\ Virus\ Infection\ in\ Small\ Mammals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Vector-Borne\ and\ Zoonotic\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1089/15303660160025912}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1089/15303660160025912}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.documentation.ird.fr/hor/fdi:010028452}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2001}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Khalilou\ Ba}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Preliminary\ study\ on\ some\ rodents\ of\ southern\ Mauritania\ as\ réservoir\ of\ human\ pathogenic\ viruses}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Small\ Mammals}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10028452}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.documentation.ird.fr/hor/fdi:010028452}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022149X00000172}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{J\ Duplantier}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rodents\ as\ reservoir\ hosts\ in\ the\ transmission\ of\ Schistosoma\ mansoni\ in\ Richard-Toll,\ Senegal,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Helminthology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1017/S0022149X00000172}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022149X00000172}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/255414166}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adrian\ Barnett}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ecology\ of\ rodent\ commuities\ in\ agricultural\ habitats\ in\ Eastern\ Sierra\ Leone:\ Cocoa\ groves\ as\ forest\ refugia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Tropical\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0564-3295}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/255414166}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.zoologicalbulletin.de/BzB\_Volumes/Volume\_49\_1\_2\_3\_4/101\_114\_BZB49\_1\_2\_3\_4\_Meinig\_Holger.PDF}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1999}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Holger\ Meinig}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Notes\ on\ the\ mammal\ fauna\ of\ the\ southern\ part\ of\ the\ Republic\ of\ Mali,\ West\ Africa.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Bonn\ Zoological\ Bulletin}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0006-7172}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.zoologicalbulletin.de/BzB\_Volumes/Volume\_49\_1\_2\_3\_4/101\_114\_BZB49\_1\_2\_3\_4\_Meinig\_Holger.PDF}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-7998.1999.tb01002.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1999}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Jan\ Decher}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Diversity\ and\ structure\ of\ terrestrial\ small\ mammal\ communities\ in\ different\ vegetation\ types\ on\ the\ Accra\ Plains\ of\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Zoology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/j.1469-7998.1999.tb01002.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-7998.1999.tb01002.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.1994.50.165}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1994}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Bruno\ Godeluck}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ longitudinal\ survey\ of\ Borrelia\ croidurae\ prevalence\ in\ rodents\ and\ insectivores\ in\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{American\ Journal\ of\ Tropical\ Medicine\ and\ Hygiene}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4269/ajtmh.1994.50.165}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.1994.50.165}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://rcin.org.pl/dlibra/doccontent?id=12166}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1993}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Granjon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Social\ structure\ in\ synanthropic\ populations\ of\ a\ murid\ rodent\ Mastomys\ natalensis\ in\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Acta\ Theriologica}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4098/AT.arch.93-3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://rcin.org.pl/dlibra/doccontent?id=12166}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://apps.dtic.mil/sti/citations/ADA254536}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1992}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Brian\ Mahy}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mainenance\ support\ of\ a\ field\ station\ in\ Sierra\ Leone,\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{US\ Army\ Medical\ Research\ and\ Development\ Command}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{ADA254536}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://apps.dtic.mil/sti/citations/ADA254536}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/0140-6736(91)93404-W}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1991}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{J\ Trape}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Tick-borne\ borreliosis\ in\ West\ Africa}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ Lancet}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/0140-6736(91)93404-W}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/0140-6736(91)93404-W}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://doi.wiley.com/10.1111/j.1365-2028.1988.tb00970.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1988}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{J.\ Iyawe}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Distribution\ of\ small\ rodents\ and\ shrews\ in\ a\ lowland\ rain\ forest\ zone\ of\ Nigeria,\ with\ observations\ on\ their\ reproductive\ biology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/j.1365-2028.1988.tb00970.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://doi.wiley.com/10.1111/j.1365-2028.1988.tb00970.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://academic.oup.com/jid/article-lookup/doi/10.1093/infdis/155.3.437}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1987}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Joseph\ McCormick}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ Prospective\ Study\ of\ the\ Epidemiology\ and\ Ecology\ of\ Lassa\ Fever}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1093/infdis/155.3.437}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://academic.oup.com/jid/article-lookup/doi/10.1093/infdis/155.3.437}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/00034983.1979.11687282}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1979}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{J\ P\ Dedet}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Isolation\ of\ Leishmania\ major\ from\ Mastomys\ erythroleucus\ and\ Tatera\ gambiana\ in\ Senegal\ (West\ Africa)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Annals\ of\ Tropical\ Medicine\ and\ Parasitology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1080/00034983.1979.11687282}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/00034983.1979.11687282}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.2307/2402806}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1977}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Sonia\ Jeffrey}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Rodent\ ecology\ and\ land\ use\ in\ Western\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Applied\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.2307/2402806}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.2307/2402806}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://hdl.handle.net/2042/58304}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1977}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{D.\ C.\ D.\ Happold}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ population\ study\ on\ small\ rodents\ in\ the\ tropical\ rain\ forest\ of\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{La\ Terre\ et\ la\ Vie}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://hdl.handle.net/2042/58304}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://hdl.handle.net/2042/58304}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2366652/}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1975}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Herta\ Wulff}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Recent\ isolations\ of\ Lassa\ virus\ from\ Nigerian\ rodents}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Bulletin\ of\ the\ World\ Health\ Organisation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{PMC2366652}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2366652/}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1126/science.185.4147.263}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1974}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Thomas\ Monath}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Lassa\ virus\ isolation\ from\ Mastomys\ natalensis\ rodents\ during\ an\ epidemic\ in\ Sierra\ Leone}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Science}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1126/science.185.4147.263}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1126/science.185.4147.263}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.researchgate.net/profile/David-Happold/publication/329465563\_The\_small\_Rodents\_of\_the\_forest\_savanna\_farmland\_association\_near\_Ibadan\_Nigeria\_with\_observations\_on\_reproduction\_biology/links/5c09ebd0299bf139c7446f63/The-small-Rodents-of-the-forest-savanna-farmland-association-near-Ibadan-Nigeria-with-observations-on-reproduction-biology.pdf}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1974}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{D.\ C.\ D.\ Happold}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ small\ rodents\ of\ the\ forest-savanna-farmland\ association\ near\ Ibadan,\ Nigeria,\ with\ observations\ on\ reproduction\ biology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Revue\ de\ Zoologie\ et\ de\ Botanique\ Africaines}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{329465563}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.researchgate.net/profile/David-Happold/publication/329465563\_The\_small\_Rodents\_of\_the\_forest\_savanna\_farmland\_association\_near\_Ibadan\_Nigeria\_with\_observations\_on\_reproduction\_biology/links/5c09ebd0299bf139c7446f63/The-small-Rodents-of-the-forest-savanna-farmland-association-near-Ibadan-Nigeria-with-observations-on-reproduction-biology.pdf}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s11356-020-11325-7}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2021}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Chibuisi\ Alimba}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Wild\ black\ rats\ (Rattus\ rattus\ Linnaeus,\ 1758)\ as\ zoomonitor\ of\ genotoxicity\ and\ systemic\ toxicity\ induced\ by\ hazardous\ emissions\ from\ Abule\ Egba\ unsanitary\ landfill,\ Lagos,\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Environmental\ science\ and\ pollution\ research\ international}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s11356-020-11325-7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s11356-020-11325-7}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s11262-019-01709-4}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Leonce\ Kouadio}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ of\ possible\ spillover\ of\ a\ novel\ hantavirus\ in\ a\ Natal\ mastomys\ from\ Guinea.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Virus\ genes}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s11262-019-01709-4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s11262-019-01709-4}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://dx.doi.org/10.25518/1780-4507.18326}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Henri-Joel\ Dossou}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Invasive\ rodents\ and\ damages\ to\ food\ stocks:\ a\ study\ in\ the\ Autonomous\ Harbor\ of\ Cotonou,\ Benin.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biotechnologie\ Agronomie\ Societe\ et\ Environnement}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.25518/1780-4507.18326}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://dx.doi.org/10.25518/1780-4507.18326}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://dx.doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.19-0727}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adama\ Diarra}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Molecular\ Detection\ of\ Microorganisms\ Associated\ with\ Small\ Mammals\ and\ Their\ Ectoparasites\ in\ Mail}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{American\ Journal\ of\ Tropical\ Medicine\ and\ Hygiene}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4269/ajtmh.19-0727}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://dx.doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.19-0727}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10393-018-1331-8}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Marien\ Joachim}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Movement\ Patterns\ of\ Small\ Rodents\ in\ Lassa\ Fever-Endemic\ Villages\ in\ Guinea}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{EcoHealth}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s10393-018-1331-8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10393-018-1331-8}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2204.150155}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2016}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ayodeji\ Olayemi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Arenavirus\ Diversity\ and\ Phylogeography\ of\ Mastomys\ natalensis\ Rodents,\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3201/eid2204.150155}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid2204.150155}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1038/srep25280}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2016}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ayodeji\ Olayemi}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{New\ Hosts\ of\ The\ Lassa\ Virus}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Scientific\ Reports}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1038/srep25280}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1038/srep25280}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10661-016-5320-5}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2016}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Benjamin\ Ofori}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Spatio-temporal\ variation\ in\ small\ mammal\ species\ richness,\ relative\ abundance\ and\ body\ mass\ reveal\ changes\ in\ a\ coastal\ wetland\ ecosystem\ in\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Environmental\ Monitoring\ and\ Assessment}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1007/s10661-016-5320-5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1007/s10661-016-5320-5}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{http://www.ojvr.org/index.php/ojvr/article/view/899/html}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Pilar\ Foronda}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Serological\ survey\ of\ antibodies\ to\ Toxoplasma\ gondii\ and\ Coxiella\ burnetii\ in\ rodents\ in\ north-western\ African\ islands\ (Canary\ Islands\ and\ Cape\ Verde).}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Onderstepoort\ Journal\ of\ Veterinary\ Research}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4102/ojvr.v82i1.899}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{http://www.ojvr.org/index.php/ojvr/article/view/899/html}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/261041768\_Effect\_of\_habitat\_change\_through\_infrastructural\_development\_on\_small\_mammal\_diversity\_and\_abundance\_on\_the\_Legon\_campus\_of\_the\_University\_of\_Ghana}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Reuben\ Garshong}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Effect\ of\ Habitat\ Change\ through\ Infrastructural\ Development\ on\ Small\ Mammal\ Diversity\ and\ Abundance\ on\ the\ Legon\ Campus\ of\ the\ University\ of\ Ghana.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{West\ African\ Journal\ of\ Applied\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{261041768}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/261041768\_Effect\_of\_habitat\_change\_through\_infrastructural\_development\_on\_small\_mammal\_diversity\_and\_abundance\_on\_the\_Legon\_campus\_of\_the\_University\_of\_Ghana}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid1607.100146}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{David\ Safronetz}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Detection\ of\ Lassa\ Virus,\ Mali}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Emerging\ Infectious\ Diseases}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.3201/eid1607.100146}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.3201/eid1607.100146}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2010.01221.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Violaine\ Nicolas}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Terrestrial\ small\ mammal\ diversity\ and\ abundance\ in\ central\ Benin:\ comparison\ between\ habitats,\ with\ conservation\ implications}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/j.1365-2028.2010.01221.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2010.01221.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01169.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adam\ Konecny}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Indications\ of\ higher\ diversity\ and\ abundance\ of\ small\ rodents\ in\ human-influenced\ Sudanian\ savannah\ than\ in\ the\ Niokolo\ Koba\ National\ Park\ (Senegal).}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01169.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2028.2009.01169.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.4314/ari.v6i3.55986}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2009}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Ivoke\ Njoku}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Studies\ on\ the\ seasonal\ variations\ and\ prevalence\ of\ helminth\ fauna\ of\ the\ black\ rat,\ Rattus\ rattus\ (L)\ (Rodentia:\ Muridae)\ from\ different\ microhabitats\ in\ Nsukka,\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Animal\ Research\ International}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4314/ari.v6i3.55986}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.4314/ari.v6i3.55986}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1644/1545-1542(2005)86[997:PDOTMR]2.0.CO;2}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Granjon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Population\ dynamics\ of\ the\ multimammate\ rat\ Mastomys\ huberti\ in\ an\ annually\ flooded\ agricultural\ region\ of\ central\ Mali}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Mammology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1644/1545-1542(2005)86[997:PDOTMR]2.0.CO;2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1644/1545-1542(2005)86[997:PDOTMR]2.0.CO;2}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0952836904005977}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Francesco\ Angelici}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Patterns\ of\ specific\ diversity\ and\ population\ size\ in\ small\ mammals\ from\ arboreal\ and\ ground-dwelling\ guilds\ of\ a\ forest\ area\ in\ southern\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Zoology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1017/S0952836904005977}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0952836904005977}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1046/j.0141-6707.2001.00353.x}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2002}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Laurent\ Granjon}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ small\ mammal\ community\ of\ a\ coastal\ site\ of\ south-west\ Mauritania}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{African\ Journal\ of\ Ecology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1046/j.0141-6707.2001.00353.x}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1046/j.0141-6707.2001.00353.x}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022149X00015947}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1997}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{C\ Mafiana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Gastrointestinal\ helminth\ parasites\ of\ the\ black\ rat\ (Rattus\ rattus)\ in\ Abeokuta,\ southwest\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Journal\ of\ Helminthology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1017/S0022149X00015947}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022149X00015947}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/0035-9203(95)90642-8}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1995}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{E\ Ikeh}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mastomys\ natalensis\ and\ Tatera\ gambiana\ as\ probable\ reservoirs\ of\ human\ cutaneous\ leishmaniasis\ in\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Transactions\ of\ the\ Royal\ Society\ of\ Tropical\ Medicine\ and\ Hygiene}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/0035-9203(95)90642-8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/0035-9203(95)90642-8}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/0035-9203(94)90412-X}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1994}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{G\ Diatta}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ comparative\ study\ of\ three\ methods\ of\ detection\ of\ Borrelia\ crocidurae\ in\ wild\ rodents\ in\ Senegal}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Transactions\ of\ the\ Royal\ Society\ of\ Tropical\ Medicine\ and\ Hygiene}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1016/0035-9203(94)90412-X}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1016/0035-9203(94)90412-X}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.1983.32.624}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1983}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{C\ Robbins}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mastomys\ (rodentia:\ muridae)\ species\ distinguished\ by\ hemoglobin\ pattern\ differences.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{The\ American\ journal\ of\ tropical\ medicine\ and\ hygiene}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4269/ajtmh.1983.32.624}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.1983.32.624}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7043824/}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1982}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A\ Diallo}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Bacteriological\ survey\ of\ leptospirosis\ in\ Zaria,\ Nigeria.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Tropical\ and\ geographical\ medicine}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7043824}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/7043824/}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1515/mamm.1975.39.4.523}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1975}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Malcolm\ Coe}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalian\ ecological\ studies\ on\ Mount\ Nimba,\ Liberia.}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammalia}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1515/mamm.1975.39.4.523}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1515/mamm.1975.39.4.523}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://doi.org/10.1023/A:1008964000018}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{James\ Ryan}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Mammal\ fauna\ of\ the\ Muni-Pomadze\ Ramsa\ site,\ Ghana}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Biodiversity\ and\ Conservation}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1023/A:1008964000018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://doi.org/10.1023/A:1008964000018}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\href{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/286729972\_Effects\_of\_Urbanization\_and\_Agricultural\_Expansion\_on\_the\_Upsurge\_of\_Wild\_Rats\_Rattus\_rattus\_in\_Yenagoa\_Metropolis\_of\_Bayelsa\_State\_Nigeria}{link}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Amawulu\ Ebenezer}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Effects\ of\ Urbanization\ and\ Agricultural\ Expansion\ on\ the\ Upsurge\ of\ Wild\ Rats\ (Rattus\ rattus)\ in\ Yenagoa\ Metropolis\ of\ Bayelsa\ State,\ Nigeria}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Research\ Journal\ of\ Applied\ Sciences,\ Engineering\ and\ Technology}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{91175577}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.75in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/286729972\_Effects\_of\_Urbanization\_and\_Agricultural\_Expansion\_on\_the\_Upsurge\_of\_Wild\_Rats\_Rattus\_rattus\_in\_Yenagoa\_Metropolis\_of\_Bayelsa\_State\_Nigeria}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\hypertarget{supplementary-table-3}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Table 3}\label{supplementary-table-3}}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{2.00in}|p{0.98in}|p{0.92in}|p{0.95in}|p{0.82in}|p{0.82in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 3.1: GAM model Trap night density \textasciitilde{} Tweedie(Longitdue * Latitude)
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.98in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.98in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.49in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Signif.\ codes:\ 0\ <=\ '***'\ <\ 0.001\ <\ '**'\ <\ 0.01\ <\ '*'\ <\ 0.05\ <\ '.'\ <\ 0.1\ <\ ''\ <\ 1}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.49in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.49in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adjusted\ R-squared:\ 0.0261,\ Deviance\ explained\ 0.349}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.49in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{fREML\ :\ 4252.745,\ Scale\ est:\ 11.991,\ N:\ 1450}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A.\ parametric\ coefficients}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.98in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{(Intercept)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-2.062}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.126}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-16.403}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.98in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{edf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Ref.\ df}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{F-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{B.\ smooth\ terms}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 0.98in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(x,y)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{30.431}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{39.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.290}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{2.00in}|p{1.14in}|p{0.92in}|p{0.95in}|p{0.82in}|p{0.82in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 3.2: GAM model Trap night density \textasciitilde{} Tweedie(Population density + (Longitdue * Latitude))
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Signif.\ codes:\ 0\ <=\ '***'\ <\ 0.001\ <\ '**'\ <\ 0.01\ <\ '*'\ <\ 0.05\ <\ '.'\ <\ 0.1\ <\ ''\ <\ 1}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adjusted\ R-squared:\ 0.161,\ Deviance\ explained\ 0.422}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{fREML\ :\ 3924.187,\ Scale\ est:\ 9.836,\ N:\ 1450}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A.\ parametric\ coefficients}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{(Intercept)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-2.230}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.119}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-18.704}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{edf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Ref.\ df}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{F-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(pop\_2005)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.818}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.231}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\multirow[t]{-2}{*}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{B.\ smooth\ terms}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(x,y)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{27.640}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{39.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.545}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{2.00in}|p{1.14in}|p{0.92in}|p{0.95in}|p{0.82in}|p{0.82in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 3.3: GAM model Trap night density \textasciitilde{} Tweedie(Population density + Region area + (Longitdue * Latitude))
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Signif.\ codes:\ 0\ <=\ '***'\ <\ 0.001\ <\ '**'\ <\ 0.01\ <\ '*'\ <\ 0.05\ <\ '.'\ <\ 0.1\ <\ ''\ <\ 1}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adjusted\ R-squared:\ 0.148,\ Deviance\ explained\ 0.443}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{fREML\ :\ 3941.346,\ Scale\ est:\ 9.432,\ N:\ 1450}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A.\ parametric\ coefficients}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{(Intercept)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-2.371}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.120}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-19.699}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{edf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Ref.\ df}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{F-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(pop\_2005)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.182}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.055}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(area\_km2)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.052}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.294}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\multirow[t]{-3}{*}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{B.\ smooth\ terms}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(x,y)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.819}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{39.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.843}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{2.00in}|p{1.19in}|p{0.92in}|p{0.95in}|p{0.82in}|p{0.82in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 3.4: GAM model Trap night density \textasciitilde{} Tweedie(Proportion cropland + Proportion shrubland + Proportion tree cover + Proportion urban + (Longitdue * Latitude))
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.69in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Signif.\ codes:\ 0\ <=\ '***'\ <\ 0.001\ <\ '**'\ <\ 0.01\ <\ '*'\ <\ 0.05\ <\ '.'\ <\ 0.1\ <\ ''\ <\ 1}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.69in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.69in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adjusted\ R-squared:\ 0.0599,\ Deviance\ explained\ 0.306}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.69in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{fREML\ :\ 4198.018,\ Scale\ est:\ 12.895,\ N:\ 1450}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A.\ parametric\ coefficients}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{(Intercept)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-1.775}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.123}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-14.379}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{edf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Ref.\ df}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{F-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(cropland)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(shrubland)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(tree\_cover)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.579}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.795}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{**}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(urban)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.772}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.703}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\multirow[t]{-5}{*}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{B.\ smooth\ terms}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.19in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(x,y)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.837}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.499}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{2.00in}|p{1.14in}|p{0.92in}|p{0.95in}|p{0.82in}|p{0.82in}}

\caption{Supplementary Table 3.5: Final GAM model Trap night density \textasciitilde{} Tweedie(Population density + Region area + Proportion urban + (Longitdue * Latitude))
}\\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Estimate}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Std\ Error}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{t-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Signif.\ codes:\ 0\ <=\ '***'\ <\ 0.001\ <\ '**'\ <\ 0.01\ <\ '*'\ <\ 0.05\ <\ '.'\ <\ 0.1\ <\ ''\ <\ 1}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{Adjusted\ R-squared:\ 0.301,\ Deviance\ explained\ 0.487}}} \\





\multicolumn{6}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 6.65in+10\tabcolsep+5\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{fREML\ :\ 3907.563,\ Scale\ est:\ 8.408,\ N:\ 1450}}} \\

\endfoot



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{A.\ parametric\ coefficients}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{(Intercept)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-2.599}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.123}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{-21.112}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Component}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Term}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{edf}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Ref.\ df}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{F-value}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{p-value}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(pop\_2005)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.131}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.398}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(area\_km2)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.629}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.450}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(urban)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.921}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.235}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{**}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 2in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\multirow[t]{-4}{*}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{B.\ smooth\ terms}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedright}p{\dimexpr 1.14in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{s(x,y)}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.92in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{27.252}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.95in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{39.000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.563}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.82in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{11}{11}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{***}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=1pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\hypertarget{supplementary-figure-1}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Figure 1}\label{supplementary-figure-1}}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Supplementary_figure_1.png}
\caption{Supplementary Figure 1. Green points represent the start date
of rodent trapping studies, blue points representing the final trapping
activity. Red points indicate the publication of studies. Increasing
numbers of studies have been published since 2000 with more studies
being conducted over repeated visits.}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{supplementary-figure-2}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Figure 2}\label{supplementary-figure-2}}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Supplementary_figure_2.png}
\caption{Supplementary Figure 2. Comparison between proportion of land
use between regions trapped and all land use in West Africa. Cropland,
Shrubland and Grassland were trapped at than representative rates while
Bare habitats, Forested regions and Urban landscapes were trapped at
lower than representative rates.}
\end{figure}

\hypertarget{supplementary-figure-3}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Figure 3}\label{supplementary-figure-3}}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_2_sensitivity.png}
\caption{Supplementary Figure 3A. Relative trapping effort bias across
West Africa from the subset of included studies reporting trapping
effort adjusted for proportion urban land cover and proportion tree
cover. Predictions are limited to areas around trap sites (coloured
areas), uncertainty in the estimate of bias is represented by colour
transparency/pallor. Purple regions represent areas with higher than
expected trapping effort, yellow regions represent areas lower than
expected trapping effort}
\end{figure}

\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Figure_2_ss.png}

\hypertarget{supplementary-figure-4}{%
\subsection{Supplementary Figure 4}\label{supplementary-figure-4}}

\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Supp_4a_updated.png}

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics{/Users/david/r_repositories/scoping_review/figures/Supp_4b_updated.png}
\caption{Supplementary Figure 4. A) Identified host-pathogen
associations at pathogen family level through detection of acute
infection (i.e.~PCR, culture). Percentages and colour relate to the
proportion of all assays that were positive. Associations with a black
border are present in the CLOVER dataset. B) Identified host-pathogen
associations at pathogen family level through serological assays
(i.e.~ELISA). Percentages and colour relate to the proportion of all
assays that were positive. Associations with a black border are present
in the CLOVER dataset.}
\end{figure}

\end{document}
